BLUE 18, BLUE 18!
SET, HUT-HUT!
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
ZACH!
CROSS BLOCK 30, CROSS BLOCK 30!
CROSS BLOCK 30!
READY?
THE EAGLES WILL HAVE TO  GO FOR IT ON FOURTH DOWN
WITH JUST 42 SECONDS LEFT IN THE FOOTBALL GAME AND NO TIME OUTS.
COACH GRANT TAYLOR CAN GET  HIS FIRST WINNING SEASON FOR
THE SHILOH CHRISTIAN ACADEMY IF THEY CAN PULL THIS PLAY OFF.
BLUE 18!
SET, HUT!
ZACH AVERY WILL TAKE THE SNAP.
HE PITCHES BACK TO JACOB HALL, JACOB'S GONNA TRY TO PASS IT.
HE'S GOT JEREMY JOHNSON GOING DOWN THE FIELD.
BUT HERE COME THE TIGERS.
THROW IT, JACOB!
JACOB'S GONNA TRY  TO TUCK IT AND RUN,
AND HE'S GONNA BE TAKEN  DOWN AT THE 40-YARD LINE,
STOPPED THERE BY  LEWIS SLAUGHTER.
JEREMY JOHNSON WAS WIDE  OPEN DOWN THE FIELD.
IF HE'D ONLY HAD A FEW SECONDS  MORE TO THROW THE FOOTBALL,
THIS GAME MIGHT HAVE  HAD A DIFFERENT OUTCOME.
AS IT IS, THE TIGERS WILL TAKE  OVER NOW AND WILL NO DOUBT
TAKE A KNEE TO RUN OUT THE CLOCK.
THUS ENDING COACH GRANT  TAYLOR'S BID FOR HIS FIRST
WINNING SEASON IN 6 YEARS.
NOW HE'LL HAVE TO WAIT  UNTIL NEXT SEASON FOR THAT
ALL ELUSIVE WINNING RECORD.
THAT'S IF THEY LET HIM COME BACK NEXT YEAR.
COME ON, EVERYBODY.
GET 'EM CLAIR.
HEY, GRANT.
COME ON, YA'LL, QUIT TALKING.
LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GO, HURRY.
WHAT?
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME.
THIS BETTER BE A JOKE.
NOPE.
MANDY SAID HE CAME IN THIS MORNING AND GOT HIS PAPERS.
WAIT, A PLAYER JUST CAN'T TRANSFER TO ANOTHER SCHOOL
TO PLAY FOOTBALL.
HE'S GOTTA MAKE A CHANGE OF ADDRESS.
HE DID.
HE'S MOVING IN WITH HIS DAD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT.
THIS IS THE THIRD TIME THIS HAS HAPPENED.
SPEND 3 YEARS POURIN' INTO THEM AND WHAT DO THEY DO WHEN THEY
GET TO THEIR SENIOR YEAR?
THEY TRANSFER TO A RIVAL SCHOOL.
WHY?
WELL, 'CAUSE AT THE END OF THE SEASON,
NOBODY WANTS TO BE ON TV GOIN',
"WIN NUMBER SIX, BABY, WIN NUMBER SIX."
WELL, YOU ASKED.
JUST HAD TO GO THERE, DIDN'T YOU?
COACH, IS IT TRUE DARREN SWITCHED TO TUCKER?
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT IN A MINUTE, BROCK.
SO IT'S TRUE.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT IN A MINUTE.
HUDDLE UP!
COACH, IS IT TRUE THAT DARREN TRANSFERRED TO TUCKER?
I GOT WORD THIS MORNING THAT DARREN DID TRANSFER TO TUCKER.
AW!
THERE GOES THE SEASON.
THE SEASON HASN'T STARTED, AND WILL BE
WHATEVER WE MAKE IT.
WHO'S GONNA TAKE THIS PLACE?
HE SCORED A THIRD OF OUR POINTS LAST YEAR.
YOU LET ME WORRY ABOUT THAT.
WE'RE NOT STARTING OFF THE SEASON AS IF IT'S DOOM'S DAY.
NOBODY'S IRREPLACEABLE.
DARREN IS.
DARREN IS NOT.
THERE'S MORE TO A GOOD FOOTBALL TEAM THAN A RUNNING BACK.
IF ANYTHING, THIS OUGHT TO  PUSH YOU TO TAKE UP THE SLACK.
STOP WORRYING ABOUT DARREN.
GET OUT THERE AND START YOUR DRILLS.
WE GOT A GAME TO PLAY THIS FRIDAY NIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO SHILOH!
COME ON!
LET'S GO!
WHY'D YOU PARK ALL THE WAY OUT THERE?
HAD TO, IT DIED AGAIN.
WHY DON'T WE GET A NEW BATTERY?
I'LL GET BRADY TO HELP ME TOMORROW MORNING.
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO THINK ABOUT IT NOW.
DO YOU WANT ME TO TAKE A LOOK AT IT FOR YA?
STOP IT.
OH, SWEETHEART--
GRANT, I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT SMELL IS.
I SCRUBBED EVERYTHING I CAN.
IT'S TERRIBLE.
I KNOW IT IS, BUT WHAT ELSE CAN I DO?
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHERE IT'S COMING FROM.
THIS DAY STUNK, WHY SHOULDN'T MY HOUSE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
DARREN TRANSFERRED TO TUCKER.
WHAT?
HE DID NOT.
YEP, CAME BY AND GOT HIS PAPERS.
DIDN'T EVEN SAY GOOD-BYE.
WHY?
WHY DO YOU THINK?
DOESN'T SEE A CHANCE OF WINNING AT SHILOH.
BUT IT AIN'T LIKE TUCKER'S GONNA GUARANTEE HIM A SCHOLARSHIP.
OOH, I BET THE BOYS ARE FRUSTRATED.
MORE THAN YOU KNOW.
I MEANT TO THROW THAT AWAY.
DID YOU THINK YOU WERE PREGNANT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST WANT TO BE PREGNANT SO BAD
THAT MY MIND PLAYS TRICKS ON ME.
YOU KNOW IT'S BEEN 4 YEARS  SINCE WE STARTED TRYING.
WOULD YOU BE OPPOSED TO ME GOING TO SEE A SPECIALIST?
NO.
I'D JUST LIKE TO KNOW WHAT SHE SAYS.
OKAY.
I THOUGHT WE WERE HAVING SPAGHETTI TONIGHT.
THE STOVE'S NOT WORKING.
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
SO, WE GOT A LEAK IN THE BACK ROOM?
THE DRYER ONLY WORKS HALF THE TIME?
THE CAR IS DYING ON US AND NOW THE STOVE'S BROKEN?
THAT'S ABOUT RIGHT.
NO WONDER I'M LOSING MY HAIR.
I LOVE YOU.
AND NOW YOUR GEORGIA SPORTS  BREAK WITH ALICIA HOUSTON.
THE RICHLAND GIANTS HAVE STARTED FOOTBALL PRACTICE
AS THE NEW SCHOOL YEAR GETS UNDERWAY.
THE TEAM WILL BE DEFENDING
A 3-YEAR G.I.S.A. STATE CHAMPIONSHIP RUN.
NOW THEY PREPARE TO FIGHT FOR A FOURTH.
I'M HERE WITH HEAD COACH BOBBY LEE DUKE OF THE GIANTS.
COACH DUKE, HOW DOES THIS YEAR LOOK FOR THE TEAM?
ALICE, WE'VE GROWN REAL FOUND OF THE STATE TITLE,
AND WE DON'T SEE ANY REASON TO GIVE IT UP THIS YEAR.
I'VE GOT MOST OF MY STARTERS COMING BACK,
AND I'VE GOT A STRONG BENCH.
SO I'VE ONLY GOT ONE THING TO SAY,
GET OFF THE TRACKS 'CAUSE THE FREIGHT TRAIN'S COMIN'.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
I HOPE THAT'S NOT A SIGN OF THE WAY THE REST
OF THE SEASON'S GONNA GO, COACH.
NOW WHY HE'D HAVE TO SAY THAT?
JUST LET IT GO.
I HATE THIS CAR.
LET'S FIND SOMEBODY WITH JUMPER CABLES,
AND LET'S GO HOME.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH FOR YOU TO LOSE YOUR FIRST GAME,
NOW I CAN'T EVEN START MY OWN CAR.
THIS HAPPENS TO EVERYBODY, DON'T BE EMBARRASSED ABOUT IT.
GRANT, I WASN'T THAT EMBARRASSED.
THEN WHY DID YOU HIDE?
OH, WHY DOES THIS HOUSE HAVE TO STINK SO BAD?
YOU'LL GET USED TO IT AFTER A COUPLE OF HOURS.
HONEY, WE GOTTA DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE CAR BECAUSE THE ONLY
THING IT DOES FAITHFULLY FOR US IS BREAK DOWN.
THAT'S ABOUT RIGHT.
WOULD IT NOT BE BETTER JUST TO GET A SMALL NEW CAR.
YOU KNOW, WE CAN'T AFFORD THAT.
HOW DO OTHER PEOPLE DO IT?
OTHER PEOPLE MAKE  MORE THAN $24,000 A YEAR.
YOU MAKE $6,000, THAT TAKES US TO $30,000.
WHICH IS ENOUGH HELP US WITH REPAIRS OCCASIONALLY,
NOT WITH A NEW CAR PAYMENT.
BESIDES, THERE'S OTHER BILLS  WE DON'T NORMALLY HAVE TO PAY.
LIKE WHAT?
LIKE MY DOCTOR BILL.
YOU SAW HER TODAY.
WHAT DID SHE SAY?
SHE SAID THAT I'M FINE.
MY NUMBERS ARE NORMAL, AND SHE SAW NOTHING
THAT GAVE HER CONCERN.
THAT'S GOOD.
IT DOESN'T MEAN THE PROBLEM IS WITH YOU.
WHAT ELSE CAN IT MEAN?
WE MAY JUST NOT HAVE GIVEN IT ENOUGH TIME.
FOUR YEARS?
YOU STILL HOPING WE'LL HAVE A BABY?
YOU KNOW I AM.
ME TOO.
I CATCH MYSELF THINKING  ABOUT IT MORE AND MORE.
DON'T YOU WANT TO KNOW IF SOMETHING'S PREVENTING IT?
ARE YOU AFRAID OF GETTING CHECKED OUT?
YES.
GRANT, I'M STILL CLINGING TO A HOPE
THAT ONE DAY WE'LL HAVE CHILDREN.
I IMAGINE 'EM RUNNING IN THIS HOUSE.
I HEAR 'EM PLAYING IN THE BACKYARD
OR RUNNING TO OUR BED DURING A THUNDER STORM.
AND I THINK ABOUT  READING 'EM STORIES
AND TEACHING 'EM SONGS.
AND I JUST KEEP THINKING, HOW CAN I MISS SOMEONE SO MUCH
THAT I HAVE NEVER MET?
I'LL GO.
STANLEY?
STANLEY.
STANLEY, DO YOU WANT TO TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE DOING
ON THE TOP OF MY DESK?
NO.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW YOU GOT ON TOP OF MY DESK?
I SUGGEST YOU GET DOWN IMMEDIATELY.
YOU TWO CAN TELL COACH TAYLOR THAT THE REASON WHY YOU'RE LATE
FOR PRACTICE TODAY IS BECAUSE
YOU'VE BEEN SITTING IN DETENTION.
OH COME ON MS. CARTER, THAT WAS SOME SERIOUS HUMOR.
I'LL GET YOUR SERIOUS ABOUT YOUR HUMOR
WHEN YOU GET SERIOUS ABOUT YOUR STUDIES.
FIFTY-FIVE?
WELL, IF YOU WANT TO ANNOUNCE YOUR GRADE TO THE ENTIRE CLASS,
YOU GO RIGHT AHEAD.
FIFTY-SEVEN.
SO BASICALLY WE GOT THE  TOUGHEST SCHEDULE WE EVER HAD
AND LESS TALENT  THAN WE EVER HAD.
WELL, AT LEAST WE GOT DEWEY COUNTY ON FRIDAY NIGHT.
THAT'LL BE A PRETTY EASY WIN.
I'M CONCERNED IT MIGHT BE OUR ONLY WIN.
NAH, WE'LL PULL THREE OR FOUR OUT.
THAT'LL GIVE US ANOTHER AVERAGE SEASON.
I'M SO SICK OF AVERAGE SEASONS.
I GOTTA GO.
WHERE YOU GOING?
GOT A DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENT.
FOR WHAT?
I HAVE A DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENT.
LEAVE THE MAN ALONE.
HE DON'T HAVE TO TELL YOU.
SO WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU, MAN?
I'LL BE BACK IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
NOW LOOK WHAT YOU DID.
YOU DONE MADE HIM MAD.
ME?
YOU'RE THE ONE THAT MADE HIM MAD.
NO, NOT ME.
BESIDES, I KNOW WHERE HE'S GOING.
WHERE?
HE'S GOING TO THE HAIR DOCTOR.
THE MAN IS GOING BALD.
YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED THAT WHOLE UNDERDEVELOPED REGION
RIGHT UP IN HERE?
OH, YOU'RE ONE TO TALK, SLICK.
NAH, SEE, WHEN A BLACK MAN GOES BALD, HE STILL LOOKS GOOD.
LOOK AT MICHAEL JORDAN, GEORGE FOREMAN,
SAMUEL L. JACKSON, CLASSY LOOKING BROTHERS.
WHO YOU GOT?
KOJAK?
YEAH, COACH GOIN' TO GET HIM SOME PLUGS.
GRANT WOULD NOT GET PLUGS.
DON'T LAUGH, YOU NEXT.
IT FEELS LIKE A BRAND-NEW DAY.
AND I KNOW I'M NOT THE SAME.
YOUR SOCCER SKILLS GET BETTER EVERY YEAR, SON.
IT DOESN'T MATTER, DAD.
SHILOH DOESN'T HAVE A SOCCER TEAM.
THEY PLAY FOOTBALL.
SO, WHY NOT KICK FOR THE FOOTBALL TEAM?
THEY'VE ALREADY GOT A GOOD KICKER.
I'M SURE THEY WOULDN'T MIND HAVING TWO GOOD KICKERS.
DAD, I'M TOO SMALL, AND I REALLY
JUST DON'T FEEL LIKE GETTING KILLED.
ARE YOU SAYING YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED
OR YOU'D LIKE TO TRY OUT, BUT YOU'RE AFRAID?
WHAT IF I DON'T EVEN MAKE THE TEAM?
WELL, YOU'RE ALREADY NOT ON THE TEAM.
I MEAN YOU CAN'T GET ANYMORE NOT ON THE TEAM
THAN YOU ARE RIGHT NOW.
OKAY, DAD.
DAVID, YOU CAN'T BE AFRAID OF FAILURE.
EVERYONE FAILS AT SOME POINT.
SO YOU THINK I SHOULD TRY OUT FOR THE FOOTBALL TEAM?
WELL, IF YOU'RE WAITING AROUND FOR SOCCER,
IT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN.
COACH OWENS, HAVE YOU GOT A MINUTE?
YEAH.
LOOK, UM, SOME OF THE MEN HAVE BEEN TALKING.
WE REALLY WANT TO SEE THIS SCHOOL SUCCEED
WITH OUR FOOTBALL PROGRAM, AND I KNOW YOU FEEL THE SAME WAY TOO.
BUT FRANKLY, WE DON'T EVER SEE THAT HAPPENING
WHILE COACH TAYLOR IS HERE.
WELL, YOU KNOW WE'RE IN A REBUILDING SEASON.
LOOK, I KNOW HE'S A FINE MAN AND ALL,
BUT HE'S HAD 6 YEARS HERE AND NOTHING SIGNIFICANT
TO EVEN SHOW FOR IT.
YOU KNOW, I HONESTLY BELIEVE YOU WOULD MAKE A BETTER HEAD COACH.
SOME OF US HAVE REQUESTED A MEETING WITH MR. REICHER.
IF YOU WOULD JUST SUPPORT US, I REALLY BELIEVE
THIS COULD GO A LOT EASIER.
MR. PERVIS, I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, IT'S NOT LIKE WE'RE TRYING TO HURT THE GUY.
WHAT WE'RE DOING IS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SCHOOL.
YOU JUST THINK ABOUT IT.
GOOD HUSTLE, CASEY.
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
WHAT?
ALVIN PERVIS.
OH, WE WERE JUST TALKING.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
MR. TAYLOR.
YES.
I'M LARRY CHILDERS.
THIS IS MY SON, DAVID.
HE'S A JUNIOR, AND WE'RE NEW TO THE SCHOOL THIS YEAR.
WELL, GOOD TO MEET YOU.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YA?
WELL, I JUST WANTED TO INTRODUCE MYSELF TO YOU,
AND DAVID WANTED TO KNOW IF IT WAS TOO LATE TO TRY OUT
FOR THE TEAM.
YOU A FOOTBALL PLAYER?
WELL, I'VE ALWAYS PLAYED SOCCER,
BUT I FIGURED I COULD TRY OUT AS A KICKER.
OKAY, WELL I GOT A PRETTY GOOD KICKER,
BUT I WOULDN'T MIND LETTING YOU TRY OUT.
JONATHAN, COME HERE.
THIS IS JONATHAN.
HE HOLDS FOR OUR MAIN KICKER, JOSHUA WEBSTER.
JONATHAN, THIS IS DAVID CHILDERS.
HE WANTS TO TRY OUT AS A KICKER.
WHY DON'T YOU TWO GO OUT THERE AND TRY A FEW KICKS
JUST TO GET YOUR FEET WET A LITTLE BIT?
ALL RIGHT, SURE.
THANK YOU, SIR.
IF YOU DON'T MIND, I'LL JUST HANG AROUND
'TIL PRACTICE IS OVER.
NO PROBLEM.
GOOD TO MEET YA.
YA'LL JUST MOVE HERE?
YEAH, FROM ATHENS.
MY DAD GOT A JOB TEACHING AT THE COLLEGE.
THAT'S COOL.
I'M USED TO KICKIN' SOCCER BALLS,
BUT I THOUGHT I COULD AT LEAST TRY OUT.
WELL, JOSH IS A PRETTY GOOD KICKER,
BUT HE'S ALSO A RECEIVER.
I THINK HE LIKES THAT BETTER THAN KICKING.
HERE YOU GO.
I'M SORRY.
MAN, I'M SORRY.
OWW!
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
HEY, WATCH IT.
SORRY.
EVERYONE IS DREAMIN' AND THE WORLD IS SO COLORFUL.
YOU LOOK BACK AT ME AND OOH, IT MAKES ME SAY, I'M--
MATT.
LET'S GO.
I'M GOING WITH BROCK FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
NOT TONIGHT, YOU'RE COMING HOME.
WHY?
DON'T ARGUE WITH ME, LET'S GO!
NO DAD,  I'LL BE HOME LATER.
MATT.
THAT OLD MAN STILL COME EVERY WEEK TO PRAY IN THE HALLWAY?
MR. BRIDGES, PRAYS FOR THE STUDENTS
AS HE PASSES THEIR LOCKER.
HOW LONG HE'S  BEEN DOING THAT?
HE'S BEEN PRAYING FOR REVIVAL SINCE BEFORE I GOT HERE.
LORD KNOWS WE NEED IT.
APATHY IN THE SCHOOL'S ABOUT AS BAD AS OUR FOOTBALL RECORD.
OH, THAT REMINDS ME,
I THINK YOU SHOULD GO AHEAD AND LET DAVID CHILDERS ON THE TEAM.
YOU SEE SOMETHIN' THERE?
WELL, HE'S JUST  USED TO PLAYING SOCCER.
HE AIN'T THAT STRONG, BUT HE SHOWS PROMISE.
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL GIVE HIM A SHOT.
SET, HUT!
STAY IN THE GAME!
NO!
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW WE LOST TO DEWEY COUNTY 21 TO 7,
21 TO 7!
DEWEY COUNTY HASN'T BEATEN SHILOH SINCE YOU WERE
IN KINDERGARTEN!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU  CALL THAT JUNK OUT THERE,
BUT IT SURE WASN'T FOOTBALL!
NINE DROPPED PASSES.
FOUR FUMBLES.
THREE INTERCEPTIONS.
THEIR DEFENSE SCORED MOST OF THEIR POINTS!
YOU GAVE THE GAME AWAY!
YOU CAN'T WIN FOOTBALL GAMES IF YOU DON'T PLAY TOGETHER
AS A TEAM!
YOU CAN'T WIN GAMES WHEN  YOU'RE MORE CONCERNED ABOUT
WHAT YOU'RE DOING AFTERWARDS!
AND YOU CAN'T LEARN THE PLAYS WHEN YOU MISS PRACTICE 'CAUSE
YOU'RE SITTIN' IN DETENTION!
I'M SICK OF THE APATHY ON THIS TEAM.
IF WE'RE NOT HERE TO WIN FOOTBALL GAMES,
THEN WHY ARE WE HERE?
SO DO YOU  AGREE WITH HIM?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS.
ONLY A FEW GUYS ON THE TEAM REALLY SEEM TO CARE.
SO ARE YOU READY TO PLAY IN A GAME?
I DON'T KNOW WHY THEY WOULD USE ME
WHEN THEY'VE GOT JOSHUA WEBSTER.
HE CAN KICK A 45-YARD FIELD GOAL.
I BET YOU COULD TOO.
DAD, I CAN BARELY KICK A 35-YARD FIELD GOAL.
AT THE END OF THE GAME, I'M KINDA GLAD I DIDN'T PLAY.
THAT WAY I CAN'T MESS UP.
THAT'S FEAR, SON.
I JUST DON'T WANT TO EMBARRASS THE TEAM.
DAVID, I'VE ASKED GOD SINCE YOU WERE A BABY THAT HE WOULD
SHOW HOW STRONG HE IS IN YOUR LIFE AND THAT THROUGH YOU,
PEOPLE WOULD SEE HOW GOOD HE IS.
THEN WHY WOULD HE MAKE ME SO SMALL, AND WEAK?
TO SHOW HOW MIGHTY HE IS.
WHY DON'T WE GO AHEAD AND WASH UP FOR DINNER.
WE CAN FINISH THIS LATER.
ALL RIGHT.
DAD!
OKAY, I'M OKAY.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING?
YOU MISSED A SPOT UP THERE.
I THOUGHT I COULD GET IT FOR YOU.
I GUESS I GOT A LITTLE TOO AMBITIOUS.
I WAS JUST TRYING TO TAKE A SWING AT IT.
SO UM, WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I MEAN IS THERE A PROCEDURE OR UM, I MEAN WHAT ARE MY OPTIONS?
GRANT, FIRST YOU NEED TO REALIZE,
THIS IS A FAIRLY COMMON PROBLEM FOR MEN.
THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF COUPLES WHO ARE UNABLE TO HAVE CHILDREN.
YOU DO HAVE OPTIONS,
ALTHOUGH THERE'S ONLY A 10% CHANCE OF SUCCESS.
MANY COUPLES HAVE TRIED IN VITRO FERTILIZATION.
WE CAN'T AFFORD THAT.
WELL, THE OTHER OPTION IS TO ADOPT A CHILD,
BUT IT'S ABOUT AS EXPENSIVE EITHER WAY.
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED, I'LL PUT YOU IN TOUCH
WITH A LOCAL AGENCY.
I REALIZE THIS IS DIFFICULT FOR YOU TO HEAR,
BUT AT LEAST YOU AND YOUR WIFE CAN MAKE THE BEST DECISION NOW
THAT YOU KNOW WHERE YOU ARE.
SORRY, I DIDN'T REALIZE ANYBODY WAS STILL HERE.
HEY, STEVE.
PUTTIN' IN LATE HOURS TONIGHT?
YEAH, I GUESS SO.
I CAN LOCK UP.
YOU CAN TAKE OFF.
ALL RIGHT, THANKS, COACH.
IT'S ABOUT THE BOYS NOW.
I'M NOT ASKING YOU TO  THROW HIM OUT, SURE.
IF SHILOH CAN INVEST  IN A WINNING COACH,
WE DON'T NEED TO BE  SETTLING FOR SECOND BEST.
YOU CAN LET HIM GO WITH AS  MUCH CLASS AS YOU WANT TO.
ALVIN, HE'S A GOOD MAN.
I'M NOT SAYING HE'S NOT A GOOD MAN.
I'M SAYING HE'S NOT A GOOD COACH.
COME ON DAN, JUST LOOK AT THE FACTS.
HIS RECORD SPEAKS FOR ITSELF.
WE NEED NEW LEADERSHIP.
I STILL THINK HE  DESERVES MORE TIME.
MORE TIME?
HE'S HAD 6 YEARS.
IF HE WAS CAPABLE OF WINNING, HE WOULD HAVE DONE IT BY NOW.
GRANT TAYLOR IS NOT  CAPABLE OF WINNING.
HE DOESN'T HAVE IT IN HIM.
THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT.
DAN, I'M NOT HERE TO ATTACK THE COACH,
I'M JUST SAYING I WANT MY SON TO HAVE THE BEST
FOOTBALL PROGRAM POSSIBLE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
LOOK, MY SON'S GOT A CHANCE FOR A FOOTBALL SCHOLARSHIP IF
HE'S TAUGHT BY THE RIGHT COACH.
MATT'S GONNA BE A SENIOR NEXT YEAR.
I DON'T WANT TO SEE HIM LOSE THIS OPPORTUNITY.
BRADY, YOU'RE  AWFULLY QUIET.
WHAT'S YOUR  TAKE ON THIS?
HONESTLY, I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETIMES I THINK GRANT COULD DO A BETTER JOB
OF BUILDING THIS FOOTBALL PROGRAM.
BUT THEN OTHER TIMES I THINK HE'S DOING JUST
AS GOOD AS ANYONE ELSE WOULD IN THIS SITUATION.
BRADY, YOU CAN DO  BETTER THAN COACH TAYLOR.
WHAT WE NEED IS A CHANGE.
WE'RE LOSING  BOOSTER SUPPORT.
GAME ATTENDANCE IS DOWN.
AND FROM THE LOOKS OF IT, WE'VE ALREADY LOST THIS SEASON.
DAN, WE GOT A WEAK PROGRAM,  BECAUSE WE GOT A WEAK COACH.
HE'S DEAD WEIGHT.
WE NEED TO CUT HIM LOOSE.
HAVE YOU BEEN AT SCHOOL ALL THIS TIME?
YES.
I TRIED TO CALL YOU AN HOUR AGO, IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
GRANT, TALK TO ME.
I DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I WAS TRYING TO LOCK UP FOR STEVE,
AND I OVERHEARD DAN MEETING WITH SOME FATHERS.
THEY DIDN'T KNOW  I WAS THERE.
BROOKE, THEY WERE PUSHING HIM TO GET RID OF ME.
NEIL PRATER,  ALVIN PERVIS, LUKE RAY.
AND THEY SAID I WASN'T CAPABLE OF WINNING,
THEY CALLED ME DEAD WEIGHT.
THEY CAN'T MAKE DAN FIRE YOU.
YOU STILL GOT SUPPORT.
YOU JUST GO GET J.T. AND BRADY AND SEE HIM TOMORROW.
BRADY WAS THERE.
THEY'VE JUST LOST CONFIDENCE IN ME.
YOU KNOW, I WAS SO SURE I COULD TURN THIS PROGRAM AROUND,
AND I'VE JUST SUNK IT LOWER.
BROOKE, I'VE TRIED SO HARD, WHY CAN'T I WIN?
YOU CAN WIN.
STOP BEATING YOURSELF UP, GRANT.
BROOKE, I CAN'T PROVIDE YOU A DECENT HOME.
I CAN'T PROVIDE YOU A DECENT CAR.
I'M A FAILING COACH WITH A LOSING RECORD,
AND I CAN'T GIVE YOU THE CHILDREN YOU WANT.
WHAT?
IT'S ME, LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE IT'S ME.
WE CAN'T HAVE OUR OWN  CHILDREN BECAUSE OF ME.
WHAT'S GOD DOIN'?
I MEAN WHY IS IT SO HARD?
IT'S OKAY, GRANT.
IT'S OKAY.
"I WILL LOVE THEE, O LORD, MY STRENGTH.
"THE LORD IS MY ROCK AND MY FORTRESS, MY DELIVERER;
"MY GOD IN WHOM I TRUST;
"MY SHIELD AND THE HORN OF MY SALVATION, MY STRONGHOLD.
"I WILL CALL UPON THE LORD WHO IS WORTHY TO BE PRAISED,
SO SHALL I BE SAVED FROM MY ENEMIES."
LORD, JESUS, WOULD YOU HELP ME?
I NEED YOU.
LORD, I FEEL LIKE THERE ARE GIANTS OF FEAR AND FAILURE
JUST STARING DOWN AT ME WAITING TO CRUSH ME,
AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO BEAT 'EM, LORD.
I'M TIRED OF BEING AFRAID.
LORD, IF YOU WANT ME TO DO SOMETHING ELSE, SHOW ME.
IF YOU DON'T WANT ME TO HAVE CHILDREN, SO BE IT.
BUT YOU'RE MY GOD.
YOU'RE ON THE THRONE.
YOU'RE CAN HAVE MY HOPES AND MY DREAMS.
LORD, GIVE ME SOMETHING.
SHOW ME SOMETHING.
IF THE LORD NEVER GIVES US CHILDREN,
WILL YOU STILL LOVE HIM?
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
FIELD GOAL UNIT.
HOLD ON, JOSHUA, I WANT TO GIVE DAVID A SHOT AT THIS ONE.
DAVID, COME HERE.
THIS IS YOUR FIELD GOAL.
PUT US ON THE BOARD.
HUT!
IT'S ALL RIGHT, MAN, IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU'LL GET IT NEXT TIME.
DAD, I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY THEY LET ME ON THE TEAM.
DID YOU DO YOUR BEST, SON?
I KNEW I WAS GONNA MISS IT BEFORE I EVEN KICKED IT.
YOUR ACTIONS WILL ALWAYS FOLLOW YOUR BELIEFS, DAVID.
DAD, I CAN'T EVEN KICK IT STRAIGHT.
AND I CAN'T WALK.
SHOULD I JUST STAY HOME AND POUT ABOUT IT?
IF YOU ACCEPT DEFEAT, DAVID,  THEN THAT'S WHAT YOU'LL GET.
WELL BRADY, ANOTHER FINE EXAMPLE OF GRANT TAYLOR'S
WONDERFUL COACHING ABILITIES.
LOOK THE KIDS DON'T DESERVE IT.
THE FANS DON'T DESERVE IT.
WHEN YOU GONNA GET A BELLY FULL OF THIS GUY?
WHAT'S IT GONNA TAKE?
YOU GOT A CHANCE, MAN.
YOU GOT A CHANCE TO STEP IN AND TAKE OVER THIS PROGRAM
AND CARRY IT UP FOR A WHILE.
WHEN YOU GONNA GET SICK AND TIRED OF IT?
YOU GOT AN OPPORTUNITY HERE.
THIS PROGRAM'S GOING IN THE TANK.
REICHER'S GOT A--
GRANT, HE CAME TO ME.
BRADY YOU'RE NOT DOING ANYBODY ANY FAVORS
SITTING ON THE FENCE.
YOU DETERMINE WHICH SIDE YOU WANT TO BE ON AND STAY ON IT.
MR. BRIDGES?
REVELATION 3 SAYS: WE SERVE A GOD THAT OPENS DOORS THAT
NO ONE CAN SHUT, AND HE SHUTS DOORS THAT NO ONE CAN OPEN.
HE SAYS, "BEHOLD, I HAVE PLACED BEFORE YOU AN OPEN DOOR
"THAT NO ONE CAN SHUT.
"I KNOW YOU HAVE A LITTLE STRENGTH,
YET YOU HAVE KEPT MY WORD AND HAVE NOT DENIED MY NAME."
COACH TAYLOR, THE LORD IS  NOT THROUGH WITH YOU YET.
YOU STILL HAVE AN OPEN DOOR HERE,
AND UNTIL THE LORD MOVES YOU, YOU'RE TO BLOOM RIGHT WHERE
YOU'RE PLANTED.
I JUST FELT LED TO COME AND TELL YOU THAT TODAY.
MR. BRIDGES?
YOU BELIEVE GOD TOLD YOU TO COME TELL ME THAT?
I DO.
I ADMIT TO YOU, I HAVE BEEN STRUGGLING,
BUT I'VE ALSO BEEN PRAYING.
I JUST DON'T SEE HIM AT WORK HERE.
GRANT, I HEARD A STORY ABOUT TWO FARMERS
WHO DESPERATELY NEEDED RAIN.
AND BOTH OF THEM PRAYED FOR RAIN,
BUT ONLY ONE OF THEM WENT OUT AND PREPARED HIS FIELDS
TO RECEIVE IT.
WHICH ONE DO YOU THINK TRUSTED GOD TO SEND THE RAIN?
WELL, THE ONE WHO PREPARED HIS FIELDS FOR IT.
WHICH ONE ARE YOU?
GOD WILL SEND THE RAIN WHEN HE'S READY.
YOU NEED TO PREPARE YOUR FIELD TO RECEIVE IT.
SO THIS IS YOUR NEW TEAM PHILOSOPHY?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I THINK THIS APPLIES TO ALL OF LIFE, NOT JUST FOOTBALL.
WELL, THAT'S MY POINT.
TEN BUCKS FOR THE PERSON WHO CAN TELL ME WHO WON
THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP A DECADE AGO?
WALKER JENNINGS?
NO.
NORTH METRO?
STOP GUESSING.
YOU KNOW IT OR YOU DON'T.
HOW ABOUT 5 YEARS AGO?
GRACELAND?
THAT WAS 3 YEARS AGO.
YOU CAN'T REMEMBER, CAN YA?
LEADS ME TO ASK A COUPLE OF QUESTIONS.
WHAT'S THE PURPOSE OF THIS TEAM?
TO WIN BALL GAMES.
THEN WHAT?
WE GET A TROPHY AND PEOPLE TALK ABOUT US.
MAYBE, FOR A WHILE.
THEN WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW, GET A SCHOLARSHIP,
PLAY FOR COLLEGE AND COACH LITTLE LEAGUE.
WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT, GRANT?
YOU THINK WE'RE JUST WASTING OUR TIME?
IF OUR MAIN GOAL'S TO WIN FOOTBALL GAME'S THEN YES.
YOU DON'T WANT US TO WIN GAMES?
NO, NOT IF THAT'S OUR MAIN GOAL.
WINNING FOOTBALL GAMES IS TOO SMALL A THING TO LIVE FOR.
AND I LOVE FOOTBALL AS MUCH AS ANYBODY,
BUT EVEN CHAMPIONSHIP TROPHIES  WILL ONE DAY COLLECT DUST
AND BE FORGOTTEN.
IT'S JUST THAT SO FAR ALL OF THIS HAS BEEN ABOUT US,
HOW WE CAN LOOK GOOD.
HOW WE CAN GET THE GLORY.
THE MORE I READ THIS BOOK, THE MORE I REALIZE
LIFE'S NOT ABOUT US.
WE'RE NOT HERE JUST TO GET  GLORY, MAKE MONEY AND DIE.
THE BIBLE SAYS THAT GOD PUT US HERE FOR HIM, TO HONOR HIM.
JESUS SAID THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU CAN DO WITH YOUR LIFE
IS TO LOVE GOD WITH  EVERYTHING YOU ARE
AND LOVE OTHERS AS YOURSELF.
SO IF WE WIN EVERY GAME AND WE MISS THAT, WE'VE DONE NOTHING.
FOOTBALL THEN MEANS NOTHING.
SO I'M HERE TO PRESENT YOU A NEW TEAM PHILOSOPHY.
I THINK THAT FOOTBALL IS JUST ONE OF THE TOOLS WE USE
TO HONOR GOD.
SO YOU THINK GOD DOES CARE ABOUT FOOTBALL?
I THINK HE CARES ABOUT YOUR FAITH.
HE CARES ABOUT WHERE YOUR HEART IS.
AND IF YOU CAN LIVE YOUR FAITH OUT ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD,
THEN YES GOD CARES ABOUT FOOTBALL 'CAUSE
HE CARES ABOUT YOU.
HE SENT HIS SON  JESUS TO DIE FOR US
SO WE COULD LIVE FOR HIM.
THAT'S WHY WE'RE HERE.
BUT SEE, IT'S NOT JUST ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD.
WE'VE GOTTA HONOR HIM IN OUR RELATIONSHIPS,
IN OUR RESPECT FOR AUTHORITY, IN THE CLASSROOM
AND WHEN YOU'RE AT HOME ALONE SURFING THE INTERNET.
I WANT GOD TO BLESS THIS TEAM SO MUCH PEOPLE TALK ABOUT
WHAT HE DID.
BUT IT MEANS WE GOTTA GIVE HIM OUR BEST IN EVERY AREA.
AND IF WE WIN, WE PRAISE HIM.
AND IF WE LOSE, WE PRAISE HIM.
EITHER WAY, WE HONOR HIM WITH OUR ACTIONS AND OUR ATTITUDES.
SO I'M ASKING YOU, WHAT ARE YOU LIVING FOR?
I'VE RESOLVED TO GIVE GOD EVERYTHING I'VE GOT,
THEN I'LL LEAVE THE RESULTS UP TO HIM.
I WANT TO KNOW IF YOU'LL JOIN ME?
YOUR ATTITUDE'S LIKE THE AROMA OF YOUR HEART.
IF YOUR ATTITUDE STINKS, IT MEANS YOUR HEART'S NOT RIGHT.
HE SURE IS PREACHING TODAY.
UM-HUM.
SNIFF.
WHAT?
HOW'S YOUR ATTITUDE, BROCK?
IT'S FINE.
THEN YOU'LL BE OKAY WITH THE DEATH CRAWL, RIGHT?
AW!
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY ON THE GOAL LINE.
GET YOUR PARTNER, LET'S GO!
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO!
SHOW ME SOMETHING, 10  YARDS, MOVE IT, MOVE IT!
LET'S GO,  LET'S GO!
MATT.
LET'S GO.
LET'S GO, JONATHAN.
SHOW ME SOMETHIN', 10 YARDS, SHOW ME SOME POWER!
NO KNEES, KEEP YOUR KNEES OFF THE GROUND!
SHOW ME SOMETHIN'!
HERE WE GO, 10 YARDS!
SHOW ME SOME MUSCLE!
SHOW ME SOME POWER!
GIVE ME SOME MORE!
LET'S GO.
VERY GOOD, BOY, VERY GOOD.
LET'S RUN IT BACK!
AH, MAN.
AH, MAN THAT'S NOT EVEN FUNNY, DUDE.
SO COACH, HOW STRONG IS WESTFIELD THIS YEAR?
A LOT STRONGER THAN WE ARE.
YOU ALREADY WRITTEN FRIDAY NIGHT DOWN AS A LOSS, BROCK?
WELL, NOT IF I KNOW WE COULD BEAT 'EM.
COME HERE, BROCK.
YOU TOO, JEREMY.
WHAT AM I IN TROUBLE NOW?
NOT YET.
I WANT TO SEE YOU DO THE DEATH CRAWL AGAIN,
EXCEPT I WANNA SEE YOUR ABSOLUTE BEST.
WHAT, YOU WANT ME TO GO TO THE 30?
I THINK YOU CAN GO THE 50.
THE 50?
I CAN GO THE 50 IF NOBODY'S ON MY BACK.
I THINK YOU CAN DO IT WITH JEREMY ON YOUR BACK.
BUT EVEN IF YOU CAN'T, I WANT YOU TO PROMISE ME
YOU'RE GONNA DO YOUR BEST.
ALL RIGHT.
YOUR BEST.
OKAY.
YOU'RE GONNA GIVE ME YOUR BEST?
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU MY BEST.
ALL RIGHT, ONE MORE THING, I WANT YOU TO DO IT BLINDFOLDED.
WHY?
'CAUSE I DON'T WANT YOU GIVIN' UP AT A CERTAIN POINT
WHEN YOU CAN GO FURTHER.
GET DOWN.
JEREMY, GET ON HIS BACK.
NOW GET A GOOD TIGHT HOLD, JEREMY.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO, BROCK.
KEEP YOUR KNEES OFF THE GROUND, JUST YOUR HANDS AND FEET.
THERE YOU GO.
A LITTLE BIT LEFT.
SHOW ME GOOD EFFORT.
THAT A WAY, BROCK.
KEEP COMING.
THERE YOU GO.
COME ON BROCK.
COME ON.
IT'S A GOOD START, LITTLE BIT LEFT, LITTLE BIT LEFT.
THERE YOU GO, BROCK.
GOOD STRENGTH.
THAT'S IT, BROCK.
THAT'S IT.
AM I AT THE 20 YET?
FORGET THE 20, YOU GIVE ME YOUR BEST.
YOU KEEP GOIN'.
THAT'S IT.
DON'T STOP, BROCK!
YOU GOT MORE IN YOU THAN THAT!
I AIN'T DONE.
I'M JUST RESTIN' A SECOND.
YOU GOTTA KEEP MOVING.
LET'S KEEP MOVIN', LET'S GO!
DON'T QUIT 'TIL YOU GOT NOTHING LEFT.
THERE YOU GO.
KEEP MOVIN'.
KEEP MOVIN', BROCK.
THAT'S IT YOU KEEP DRIVIN'.
KEEP YOUR KNEES OFF THE GROUND!
KEEP DRIVING IT!
YOUR VERY BEST!
KEEP MOVIN', BROCK!
THAT'S IT.
KEEP GOING!
DON'T QUIT ON ME!
KEEP GOIN'!
KEEP DRIVIN' IT!
KEEP YOUR KNEES OFF THE GROUND!
THAT'S IT.
YOUR VERY BEST.
DON'T QUIT ON ME.
KEEP DRIVIN'!
THERE YOU GO.
THERE YOU GO!
THAT'S IT, YOU KEEP DRIVIN'.
KEEP YOUR KNEES OFF THE GROUND.
KEEP DRIVIN' IT!
DON'T QUIT 'TIL YOU GOT NOTHING LEFT.
KEEP MOVIN', BROCK!
THAT'S IT!
KEEP GOIN'!
I WANT EVERYTHING YOU GOT!
COME ON, KEEP GOIN'!
IT HURTS!
DON'T QUIT ON ME!
YOUR VERY BEST!
KEEP DRIVIN'!
THERE YA GO!
HE'S HEAVY!
I KNOW HE'S HEAVY.
I'M ABOUT OUT OF STRENGTH!
THEN YOU NEGOTIATE WITH YOUR BODY TO FIND MORE STRENGTH,
BUT DON'T YOU GIVE UP ON ME, BROCK.
YOU KEEP GOING, YOU HEAR ME?
YOU KEEP GOIN'.
YOU'RE DOING GOOD.
DO NOT QUIT ON ME!
YOU KEEP GOIN'!
IT HURTS!
I KNOW IT HURTS!
YOU KEEP GOIN'!
IT'S ALL HEART FROM HERE!
THIRTY MORE STEPS!
YOU KEEP GOIN', BROCK!
COME ON!
KEEP GOIN'!
IT BURNS!
THEN LET IT BURN!
MY ARMS ARE BURNING!
IT'S ALL HEART!
YOU KEEP GOIN', BROCK!
COME ON!
KEEP GOIN'!
YOU PROMISED ME YOUR BEST, YOUR BEST!
DON'T STOP, KEEP GOIN'!
IT'S TOO HARD!
IT'S NOT TOO HARD!
YOU KEEP GOIN'!
COME ON, BROCK, GIMME ME MORE!
GIMME ME MORE!
KEEP GOIN'!
TWENTY MORE STEPS!
TWENTY MORE!
KEEP GOING, BROCK!
GIVE ME YOUR BEST!
DON'T QUIT!
NO!
KEEP GOIN'!
DON'T QUIT!
BROCK KELLEY, YOU DON'T QUIT!
KEEP GOIN'!
GO BROCK KELLEY!
YOU DON'T QUIT ON ME!
NO!
YOU KEEP GOIN'!
GO BROCK, TEN MORE STEPS!
TEN MORE!
KEEP GOIN'!
DON'T QUIT!
GIMME HEART!
I CAN'T DO IT!
YOU CAN!
FIVE MORE!
COME ON, BROCK!
COME ON!
DON'T QUIT!
COME ON, BROCK!
TWO MORE!
ONE MORE!
AHH!
THAT'S GOTTA BE 50.
I DON'T HAVE ANYMORE.
LOOK UP, BROCK.
YOU'RE IN THE END ZONE.
BROCK, YOU ARE THE MOST INFLUENTIAL PLAYER ON THIS TEAM.
IF YOU WALK AROUND DEFEATED, SO WILL THEY.
DON'T TELL ME YOU CAN'T GIVE ME MORE THAN WHAT I'VE BEEN SEEING.
YOU JUST CARRIED A 140-POUND MAN ACROSS THIS WHOLE FIELD
ON YOUR ARMS.
BROCK, I NEED YOU.
GOD'S GIFTED YOU WITH THE ABILITY OF LEADERSHIP.
DON'T WASTE IT.
COACH?
CAN I COUNT ON YOU?
YES.
COACH?
WHAT IS IT, JEREMY?
I WEIGH 160.
ALL RIGHT,
WHO'S NEXT?
GOOD PRACTICE, BOYS.
SEE YA'LL TOMORROW.
HEY MAN, FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A WHILE,
I ACTUALLY FEEL GOOD ABOUT FRIDAY NIGHT.
YEAH, WHY?
I'M JUST ON BOARD WITH WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
IF THEY GET A HOLD OF IT, IT'LL CHANGE THEIR LIVES.
YOU COUNT ME IN.
GRANT, ME TOO.
YEAH?
YEAH.
I FEEL LIKE I OWE YOU AN APOLOGY.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT I'M WITH YA.
THANK YOU.
SEE YA TOMORROW.
NEED A RIDE, MATT?
NO, MY DAD'S COMIN'.
AT LEAST HE BETTER BE.
CAN I SHOOT STRAIGHT WITH YOU FOR A MINUTE?
SURE.
I FEEL LIKE YOU OWE YOUR DAD MORE RESPECT.
WHY?
'CAUSE HE'S YOUR FATHER.
YOU DON'T KNOW HIM LIKE I KNOW HIM.
I DON'T HAVE TO KNOW HIM.
YOU NEED TO RESPECT HIM 'CAUSE IT'S
THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
YOU KNOW, COACH, MY DAD DOESN'T EVEN LIKE YOU.
HE THINKS THE SCHOOL NEEDS TO FIND SOMEBODY ELSE.
THAT'S BESIDES THE POINT.
THE SCRIPTURE SAYS TO HONOR YOUR PARENTS,
AND ALL YOU DO IS COMPLAIN.
ALL HE DOES IS BOSS ME AROUND.
HE DOESN'T EVEN TRY TO UNDERSTAND ME.
MATT, YOU CAN'T JUDGE YOUR FATHER BY HIS ACTIONS
AND THEN JUDGE YOURSELF BY YOUR INTENTIONS.
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY.
YOU'RE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR HIM, YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOU.
YOU HONOR GOD BY HONORING YOUR AUTHORITY.
YOU REALLY BELIEVE IN ALL THAT HONORING GOD
AND FOLLOW JESUS STUFF?
YES, I DO.
WELL, I AIN'T TRYING TO BE DISRESPECTFUL,
BUT NOT EVERYBODY BELIEVES IN THAT.
RELIGION WORKS FOR SOME PEOPLE, BUT I'M JUST HERE 'CAUSE
I GOT KICKED OUT OF WESTVIEW.
MATT, NOBODY'S FORCING ANYTHING ON YOU.
FOLLOWING JESUS CHRIST IS THE DECISION YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO MAKE FOR YOURSELF.
YOU MAY NOT WANT TO ACCEPT IT 'CAUSE IT'LL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
YOU'LL NEVER BE THE SAME.
I DO HOPE ONE DAY YOU REALIZE HOW MUCH HE LOVES YOU.
I'LL SEE YA TOMORROW.
[SCREAMING]
OKAY, I'LL GET HIM.
JUST GIVE ME THE BAT.
JUST BRING THAT TRASH BAG OVER HERE.
OOH, DON'T YOU LET THAT TOUCH ME.
I'M NOT GONNA LET HIM TOUCH YOU, BROOKE.
I'M GONNA GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
OOH.
MAN, HE STINKS.
OOH, I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT WAS IN MY HOUSE.
JUST MAKE SURE IT'S STILL DEAD!
IT'S DEAD, HE'S PROBABLY BEEN DEAD FOR WEEKS.
YOU JUST GET IT OUT OF HERE.
OUT, OUT.
STOP BEING AFRAID, COME HERE.
MMM-MMM.
HE LOOKS LIKE A BIG HAMSTER.
OH, UH-UH.
COME HERE, COME HERE.
JUST FACE YOUR FEAR.
LOOK, HE'S GOT A CUTE LITTLE TAIL THERE.
HE'S JUST GOT A BIG STINK.
LOOK, SEE HIS CUTE LITTLE EYES THERE.
SEE HIS TEETH, LOOK AT HIS TEETH.
IT ALMOST LOOKS LIKE HE'S MAD.
AHH!
YOU ARE TERRIBLE!
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DID THAT TO ME, GRANT TAYLOR!
YOU ARE SO BAD!
WHOO!
AIM IT RIGHT DOWN  THE MIDDLE, YOU GOT THIS.
SET IT UP  FOR HIM AGAIN.
SORRY, COACH.
LISTEN SON, YOU ACT LIKE YOU'RE GONNA MISS
BEFORE YOU EVEN KICK THE BALL.
I SEE WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR WHOLE KICKIN' PHILOSOPHY.
NOW SEE, YOU KICKIN' WIDE LEFT OR WIDE RIGHT,
BUT THAT AIN'T WHAT'S GONNA GET YOU HOME.
THE BALL HAS GOT TO GO THROUGH THE MIDDLE.
I KNOW, COACH.
NO, NO, YOU DON'T.
NOW WHAT'D THE SCRIPTURE SAY ABOUT THIS?
UM?
THE SCRIPTURE SAYS, "WIDE IS THE GATE AND BROAD IS THE WAY
THAT LEADS TO DESTRUCTION AND MANY THERE'LL BE
THAT'LL FIND IT."
NOT TO US, THAT'S WIDE LEFT AND WIDE RIGHT.
BUT NARROW IS THE GATE AND STRAIGHT IS THE WAY THAT LEADS
TO LIFE, AND FEW THERE'LL BE THAT FIND IT.
ANYBODY CAN KICK IT WIDE LEFT OR WIDE RIGHT.
MY MAMA CAN KICK IT WIDE LEFT AND WIDE RIGHT.
BUT THAT AIN'T WHAT'S GONNA GET YOU HOME.
COME ON!
IT DON'T HAVE TO LOOK PRETTY.
IT DON'T HAVE TO LOOK SMOOTH.
IT CAN LOOK LIKE A DYIN' DUCK,
BUT THE BALL HAS GOT TO GO THROUGH THE MIDDLE.
OH, MY WORD!
NOW DAVID, YOU GONNA HAVE TO CHOOSE THE NARROW WAY
'CAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY PATH  FOR YOU TO GET YOUR REWARD.
NOW SEND THIS BALL THROUGH THESE PEARLY POSTS.
SET IT UP ONE MORE  TIME FOR ME, JONATHAN.
DAVID, I'VE NEVER HEARD IT THAT WAY BEFORE,
BUT THERE'S A LOT OF TRUTH TO WHAT HE'S SAYING.
LET'S SEE YOU KICK IT.
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
GRANT, ARE YOU NOT AWARE OF WHAT'S GOING ON OUTSIDE
ON THE FIELD?
WHAT?
YOU MIGHT WANT TO COME CHECK THIS OUT.
MITCH DECIDED TO BRING HIS BIBLE CLASS OUTSIDE TODAY.
AFTER HE STARTED TEACHING, MATT PRATER STOOD UP THERE
AND ACCEPTED CHRIST AS HIS LORD.
IT WAS AWESOME.
HE STARTED CONFESSING STUFF, YOU KNOW, FROM HIS LIFE.
HE STARTED ASKING HIS FRIENDS FOR FORGIVENESS.
NEXT THING WE KNOW, BOB DUKE STANDS UP
AND DOES THE SAME THING.
KIDS START BREAKING UP INTO GROUPS.
THEY BEGIN TO PRAY FOR EACH OTHER.
THEY BEGIN TO ASK FORGIVENESS FOR SINS THAT THEY COMMITTED.
THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR 3 HOURS.
HOW'D YOU NOT KNOW WHAT WAS GOING ON?
YOU NEVER GIVE UP ON ME.
NO YOU NEVER GIVE UP ON ME.
THOUGH I'M WEAK, YOU ARE STRONG
AND TOLD ME I STILL BELONG.
NO, YOU NEVER, NEVER GIVE UP ON ME.
LORD, I ASK YOU TO LIFT THEM UP.
YOU NEVER GIVE UP ON ME.
I ASK YOU TO BRING UP A GENERATION
THAT HAS A HEART FOR YOU, LORD.
COACH?
PROUD OF YOU, MATT.
I NEED TO TALK WITH MY DAD.
I'D LIKE TO GO SEE HIM.
I'LL TAKE YOU RIGHT NOW.
SO WHAT WE'VE DONE HERE IS WE'VE GAINED THESE FOUR LOTS
BY MOVING THEIR RETENTION POND DOWN HERE.
WE CAN TRY AND DO THAT THROUGH HERE, IF YOU WANT.
NO, I LIKE THIS.
THAT'S PERFECT.
MR. PRATER, THERE'S  SOMEONE HERE TO SEE YOU.
SARAH, I'M IN A MEETING.
IT'S YOUR SON.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO STEP OUT?
NO, IT'S OKAY.
SARAH, SEND HIM IN.
MATT, YOU OKAY?
I'M SORRY, DAD.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU WERE IN A MEETING.
WHAT IS IT, SON?
UH, DAD, I JUST WANTED TO SAY THAT I'M SORRY.
I'M SORRY FOR THE WAY I'VE BEEN ACTING.
I GOT RIGHT WITH GOD TODAY, AND I JUST NEEDED TO SAY
THAT FROM NOW ON, I'LL RESPECT YOUR AUTHORITY.
WHATEVER YOU SAY GOES.
THAT'S IT.
YOU KNOW, I COULD COME BACK TOMORROW
IF THAT WOULD BE BETTER FOR YOU.
NO, IT'S OKAY.
I'M SORRY.
I A--
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH, I'D GIVE MY RIGHT ARM TO HEAR
MY SON SAY THAT TO ME.
I FEEL LIKE I'M STANDING BEFORE A NEW TEAM TONIGHT.
IT'S A NEW DAY  AND A NEW GAME.
WHAT YOU'VE EXPERIENCED IN  YOUR HEARTS THIS WEEK'S ABOUT
TO BE RELEASED  ON THE FIELD.
STAY HUMBLE  BUT CONFIDENT.
I WANT YOU TO TAKE THIS ONE, BROCK.
LORD, WE KNOW OUR LIVES ARE NOT ABOUT FOOTBALL,
BUT WE DO THANK YOU FOR ALLOWING US TO PLAY TONIGHT.
LORD, WE'RE GONNA GIVE YOU OUR BEST.
IF WE WIN, WE'LL PRAISE YOU.
AND IF WE LOSE, WE'LL PRAISE YOU.
WE'LL GIVE YOU ALL THE HONOR AND THE GLORY FOR THIS NIGHT, LORD.
KEEP US SAFE.
IN JESUS' NAME I PRAY, AMEN.
AMEN.
ALL RIGHT,  GUYS, LOOK AT ME.
PLAY HARD, HAVE FUN.
YOU CAN ALL CALL ME CRAZY FOR THE THINGS THAT I MIGHT SAY.
AND YOU CAN LAUGH ALL YOU WANT TO, YEAH,
AND I KNOW THERE WILL COME A DAY WHEN WE ALL
WILL COME TOGETHER AND LEARN TO SET ASIDE OUR WAYS.
AND WE CAN LEARN TO LOVE OUR NEIGHBOR, YEAH,
JUST LIKE WE WILL LOVE OURSELVES.
WE GOT TO COME TOGETHER.
IN THE OLD TESTAMENT, NEHEMIAH HAD THE TASK OF
BUILDING A STONE WALL AROUND HIS CITY FOR PROTECTION.
BUT HE DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH PEOPLE OR RESOURCES OR TIME.
BUT BECAUSE EACH PERSON WORKED ON THE STONE WALL THAT WAS IN
FRONT OF THEIR HOUSE, THEY GOT IT DONE IN RECORD TIME.
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO.
ON DEFENSE, YOU HAVE TO RESOLVE,
NOTHING GETS BY YOU AS AN INDIVIDUAL;
NOTHING GETS BY US AS A TEAM.
I NEED YOU TO BUILD ME A STONE WALL.
YOU CAN CALL ME A DREAMER.
YET THESE DREAMS WILL COME TRUE.
AND YES I AM A FIRM BELIEVER,
YEAH, ANYTHING'S THE LORD CAN DO.
CAN'T WE ALL COME TOGETHER, LET THE LORD LEAD OUR WAY.
THERE IS NOTHING THAT WE CAN'T DO, NO,
THERE IS NOTHING WE CAN'T FACE.
WE GOT TO COME TOGETHER.
IS THERE ANY WAY WE CAN MAKE IT ALL RIGHT?
WE'VE GOT TO PRAY TO WEATHER THROUGH ALL OF THE STORMS.
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO ROLL THROUGH THERE LIKE YOU STOLE SOMETHIN'!
COME ON NOW.
COME ON, BROCK.
COME ON, SON.
I WANT TO SEE SOME HITTIN'!
DIG THOSE FEET!
COME ON, YOU AIN'T ON MY TEAM YET!
YOU'RE NOT ON MY DEFENSE!
YOU GOTTA DIG THOSE FEET.
ALL RIGHT, PRATER, GET IN THERE, BOY.
LET'S GO, HIT 'EM!
HIT 'EM, SON!
YOU GOTTA HIT HIM A LITTLE HARDER THAN THAT.
THIS AIN'T BALLET PRACTICE, THIS IS FOOTBALL PRACTICE!
WE'VE GOT TO LEARN TO LOVE.
YOU KNOW WE'VE GOT TO LEARN.
YOU KNOW WE GOT TO.
YOU KNOW WE GOT TO LEARN TO LOVE.
WE GOT TO.
YEAH, YEAH.
GOT TO LEARN, OH YEAH.
DON'T YOU KNOW,
DAVID!
WE'VE GOT TO LEARN TO LOVE.
DOUBLE SWEEP PITCH  LEFT, PRO 45 FLEX.
MAN, EVEN A 26 POWERHOUSE.
MAN, THESE ARE SOME GOOD PLAYS.
WHO WE GONNA RUN THESE PLAYS, GRANT?
WE GONNA RUN 'EM.
MAN, WE GOT ALL TYPE OF POTENTIAL ON THIS SHEET, WHEN?
WE GONNA RUN 'EM, I PROMISE.
YEAH, SEE YOU ALWAYS TELL ME YOU'RE GONNA RUN 'EM.
SEE, ALL MY PLAYS, YOU DON'T WANT TO RUN MY PLAYS.
HEY!
WHERE'S MY CAR?
WHERE YOU PARK IT?
RIGHT HERE.
YOU SURE?
'CAUSE AIN'T NO WAY IT GOT STOLEN.
MAN, YOU COULDN'T PAY NOBODY TO STEAL YOUR CAR.
DID THE BOYS DO SOMETHING WITH IT?
HEY, I DON'T KNOW.
HEY MAN, THERE'S A NOTE ON THIS TRUCK FOR YOU.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
LET'S SEE.
IT SAYS, "GRANT TAYLOR, THE IMPACT YOU MADE ON OUR SCHOOL
MEANS MORE TO US THAN YOU'LL EVER KNOW.
THE LORD HAS USED YOU TO MEET A NEED IN OUR LIVES,
AND NOW WE WANT TO MEET A NEED IN YOURS.
YOU'LL FIND THE TITLE OF THIS NEW TRUCK IN YOUR NAME.
PLEASE ACCEPT IT AS OUR WAY OF SAYING THANK YOU."
UH-UH.
SOMEBODY DONE GAVE YOU A TRUCK?
MAN, THIS TITLE GOT YOUR NAME ON IT.
YOU GOT TO BE KIDDIN' ME.
GRANT TAYLOR, SOMEBODY DONE GAVE YOU A NEW TRUCK.
THIS IS MY TRUCK?
IS THIS JUST 'CAUSE YOU HEAD COACH,
'CAUSE I'M ASSISTANT COACH.
YOU THINK I'D GET A MOPED OUT OF THIS OR SOMETHIN'.
OH, LORD, YOU'VE GIVEN ME A TRUCK.
WELL, IT'S YOUR TRUCK.
DRIVE IT.
NOT A WORD TO ANYONE.
YES, SIR.
ALL RIGHT, NO MORE JUMPER CABLES.
BROCK!
YOU WATCH HIM!
SET, HUT-HUT!
DO YOU BELIEVE IN SECOND CHANCES?
GO!
WHOO!
THAT'S RIGHT!
YES, SIR, CAN I HELP YOU?
PLEASE, I'D LIKE TO BUY A NICE BOUQUET OF WILDFLOWERS
FOR MY WIFE.
I SEE, THAT'S AWFULLY SWEET OF YOU.
OH, YES.
I'VE GOT A SPECIAL EVENING IN MIND FOR HER TONIGHT.
WELL, IN THAT CASE, YOU NEED A CARD
TO GO WITH THOS FLOWERS, DON'T YOU?
OH, NO.
I'VE ALREADY GOT THE PERFECT ONE.
I'M GONNA GIVE IT TO HER
AT HER FAVORITE RESTAURANT THIS EVENING.
OH, REALLY?
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE HAPPY.
OH, SHE WILL.
SO I NEED YOUR NICEST LARGEST FLOWERS, AND MONEY'S NO OBJECT.
OH?
YOU SEE, I GOT A RAISE TODAY.
YOU DID?
SIX THOUSAND DOLLARS.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YOU KNOW THAT'S EXACTLY THE WAY MY WIFE'S GONNA RESPOND.
OH, GRANT!
OH, GRANT.
THAT'S AWESOME.
YOU KNOW YOU SURE GOT FRIENDLY SERVICE HERE.
HELLO AGAIN, EVERYBODY.
THIS LANE LAVAR ALONG  WITH MY BROADCAST PARTNER,
DALE HANSON COMING TO YOU TONIGHT FROM PRINCETON HEIGHTS
ACADEMY, THE SITE OF TONIGHT'S OPENING ROUND
OF THE G.I.S.A. FOOTBALL PLAYOFFS.
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A DECADE, THE SHILOH EAGLES FIND
THEMSELVES IN POST-SEASON PLAY, AND COACH GRANT TAYLOR'S GONNA
HAVE HIS HANDS FULL TONIGHT  AS HE TAKES ON THE NUMBER ONE
SEEDED PANTHERS WHO HAVEN'T LOST A GAME ALL SEASON.
ALL RIGHT, HUDDLE UP,  HUDDLE UP!
STAY SHARP, STAY FOCUSED.
PLAY HARD AND HONOR GOD.
EAGLES ON THREE.
ONE, TWO, THREE!
EAGLES!
SWEEP!
SO AFTER AN IMPRESSIVE  7 AND 3 RECORD,
THE SHILOH EAGLES FALL SHORT  TONIGHT IN THE FIRST ROUND
OF THE G.I.S.A. PLAYOFFS, 28 TO 10 IS THE FINAL SCORE.
THE PRINCETON HEIGHTS PANTHERS TAKE IT TO THE SHILOH EAGLES.
I KNEW WE WERE GONNA GET KILLED TONIGHT.
YOUR EFFORT WAS GOOD TONIGHT.
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING TO BE ASHAMED OF.
YOU PLAYED HARD.
SHILOH'S HAD THE BEST SEASON THEY'VE HAD IN A LONG TIME.
GOD'S BEEN GOOD TO US THIS YEAR.
GUYS, COACH IS RIGHT.
WE GOTTA PRAISE GOD WHEN WE WIN,
WE'RE GONNA PRAISE HIM WHEN WE LOSE.
LET'S TAKE A KNEE.
HEY.
I WISH BY SOME MIRACLE, WE COULD HAVE WON TONIGHT.
THEY WORKED TOO HARD TO WALK AWAY WITH THEIR HEADS DOWN.
I WAS HOPING GOD WOULD GIVE US JUST ONE WIN IN THE PLAYOFFS.
THEY DESERVED IT.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU'D HAVE TOLD ME 2 MONTHS AGO THAT WE'D BE
PLAYING PRINCETON HEIGHTS IN THE PLAYOFFS,
I WOULD NOT HAVE BELIEVED YOU.
YEAH.
IF YOU WOULD HAVE TOLD ME OUR SCHOOL WAS HAVING REVIVAL
THIS YEAR, I WOULDN'T HAVE BELIEVED YOU EITHER,
BUT THIS AIN'T BEEN A BAD YEAR.
GOT ALL THE JERSEYS?
ALL 32 OF 'EM.
I AIN'T READY TO PUT 'EM UP THOUGH.
I'M READY TO GO ANOTHER ROUND.
YOU AND ME BOTH.
PART OF ME WANTED TO GET TO STATE.
TO STATE?
GRANT ARE YOU SERIOUS?
WHY NOT?
AS HARD AS THEY WORKED.
WELL, WORKING HARD IS ONE THING,
BUT TO TAKE THIS TEAM TO STATE.
THAT'D TAKE AN ACT OF GOD.
HAS HE NOT BEEN ACTING ALREADY?
WELL, YEAH, HE HAS, BUT DO YOU KNOW
WHO'S GONNA BE WAITING FOR WHOEVER GETS TO STATE?
THE RICHLAND GIANTS.
THAT'S RIGHT, THE RICHLAND GIANTS.
AND BOBBY LEE DUKE WOULD BE THERE WITH HIS 85 PLAYERS READY
TO SPANK WHOEVER MADE IT TO THE STATE PLAYOFFS TO KINGDOM COME.
I'M NOT AFRAID.
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT AFRAID 'CAUSE YOU AIN'T GOIN'.
OH, BY THE WAY, MAN, SOME MAN CALLED LOOKIN' FOR YOU TODAY.
WHO?
UM, STAN SCHULTZ.
STAN SCHULTZ?
YEAH.
STAN SCHULTZ, ISN'T THAT THE CARTOONIST?
THAT'S CHARLES SCHULTZ.
NO, I THOUGHT CHARLES SCHULTZ WAS THAT MAN THAT FLEW
ACROSS THE OCEAN IN THE SPIRIT OF ST. ANDREWS.
THAT'S CHARLES LINDBERG, AND IT WAS THE SPIRIT OF ST. LOUIS.
NAH, LINDBERG IS THE CHEESE.
LIMBURGER'S THE CHEESE,  LINDBERG'S THE MAN.
NO, THE LIMBURG WAS THAT BLIMP THAT BLEW UP
AND KILLED ALL THEM PEOPLE.
THAT'S THE HINDENBURG.
NAH, HINDENBURG IS WHERE YOU GO SKIING IN TENNESSEE.
THAT'S GATLINBURG.
GATLINBURG?
YOU MEAN LIKE THE COUNTRY MUSIC GROUP,
THE GATLINBURG BROTHERS?
YOU GUYS ARE CRAZY.
GRANT TAYLOR.
WELL, MR. SCHULTZ, I WAS  TOLD YOU WERE LOOKING FOR ME.
YES.
AM I SITTING DOWN?
WHY DO YOU ASK?
HEY, COACH, WHAT'S  GOING ON HERE?
COACH IS ON HIS WAY TO LET US ALL KNOW.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY BRING IT IN.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW I SERVE A BIG GOD,
AND HE CAN DO WHATEVER HE WANTS TO DO.
HE CAN OPEN UP WHAT HE WANTS TO OPEN
AND SHUT WHAT HE WANTS TO SHUT.
AND A TEAM THAT PLAYS FOR HIS HONOR AND GLORY,
WILL HAVE HIS BLESSINGS FOLLOWING THAT TEAM,
UNLIKE THOSE WHO TRY TO CHEAT THEIR WAY TO THE TOP
LIKE PRINCETON HEIGHTS DID IN LAST FRIDAY'S GAME
WHEN THEY PLAYED  TWO INELIGIBLE 19-YEAR-OLDS.
THEY HAVE BEEN DISQUALIFIED,
AND WE'RE ADVANCING TO THE NEXT ROUND.
GET YOUR PADS ON FOR PRACTICE, BOYS.
WE'RE GOING TO WAR WITH TUCKER FRIDAY NIGHT.
WHOO!
WELCOME, LADIES  AND GENTLEMEN,
TO THE G.I.S.A.  QUARTER FINALS.
WHO IS IN THE WORLD WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THAT WE'D BE SEEING
THE SHILOH EAGLES TONIGHT IN A CONTEST
AGAINST THE TUCKER TIGERS?
WELL, WITH PRINCETON HEIGHTS BEING DISQUALIFIED,
YOU CAN CALL THIS AN EARLY CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR SHILOH.
OFFENSE, PUT IT IN THE END ZONE.
DEFENSE, BUILD ME A STONE WALL.
EAGLES ON THREE.
ONE, TWO, THREE!
EAGLES!
BLUE 18, BLUE 18!
SET, HUT-HUT!
DAVID, THIS IS YOUR FIELD GOAL.
IT BELONGS TO YOU, PUT IT THROUGH.
DAVID!
HUT!
YEAH!
THERE YOU GO!
WITH THE CLOCK RUNNING DOWN,  THE TUCKER TIGERS ARE NURSING
THEIR WOUNDS AS THEY FACE  THE END OF THEIR SEASON.
THE EAGLES HOWEVER, HAVE  A LITTLE FARTHER TO FLY.
ALL RIGHT, WHAT KIND OF SICK ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST FELT REALLY NAUSEOUS THE LAST TWO MORNING,
AND THEN I FEEL FINE AGAIN.
AND YOU HAVEN'T EATEN ANYTHING WEIRD LATELY.
NOT UNLESS FRUIT AND CEREAL'S WEIRD.
BROOKE, MY GUT SAYS MAKE AN APPOINTMENT WITH THE DOCTOR.
I'VE BEEN THERE THREE TIMES THIS YEAR.
IT'S GETTING EMBARRASSING.
I'M JUST TELLING YOU WHAT I WOULD DO.
YOU CAN EVEN USE MY CAR.
WITH 5 SECONDS  LEFT IN THE GAME,
THE SCORE STILL STANDS  IN OAK HAVEN'S FAVOR,
17 TO 14 OVER  THE EAGLES.
GRANT TAYLOR CALLS  A PLAY INTO ZACH AVERY,
AND PULLS A HUDDLE TOGETHER
FOR THEIR LAST SHOT  AT GOING TO STATE.
IT'S THIRD DOWN IN  GOAL FOR THE EAGLES
AND THE CROWD  IS GOING CRAZY.
THEY LINE UP IN  AN I-FORMATION.
THIS IS DO OR DIE  FOR THE EAGLES.
ZACH TAKES A SNAP AND WILL  GIVE IT TO JACOB HOFFER--
NO WAIT A MINUTE, IT'S A FAKE!
HE'S GOT NATHAN WIDE  OPEN IN THE CORNER.
THE PASS IS UP.
HE'S GOT IT.
TOUCHDOWN EAGLES!
ZACH AVERY COMPLETELY FAKED  OUT THE DEFENSE AND MADE
A PERFECT PASS TO WIN  THE GAME 20 TO 17!
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?
THE SHILOH EAGLES ARE  ACTUALLY HEADED TO
THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP!
A TEAM WITH ONLY 32 PLAYERS  HAS MADE IT TO THE BIG DANCE!
OH, MY!
ON THE EVE OF THE G.I.S.A. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL STATE
CHAMPIONSHIP, THE RICHLAND GIANTS REPAIR TO DEFEND
THEIR 3-YEAR REIGN AS LORDS OF THE GRIDIRON.
IT'S NO SURPRISE THEY'VE RETURNED FOR THIS GAME.
WHAT IS SURPRISING IS WHO THEY'RE PLAYING,
THE SHILOH EAGLES WHO STARTED THE SEASON 0 AND 3 HAVE COME OUT
OF NOWHERE AND THROUGH AN ALMOST BIZARRE SET OF CIRCUMSTANCES,
NOW FACE A TEAM ALMOST THREE TIMES THEIR SIZE.
SLEEP AT ALL LAST NIGHT?
MMM-MMM.
ARE YOU NERVOUS?
IT'S A WEIRD EMOTION.
PART OF ME THINKS WE'RE GONNA GET CRUSHED TONIGHT.
PART OF ME THINKS GOD MAY DO SOMETHING AWESOME.
SOUNDS LIKE YOUR FEAR'S ABOUT TO COLLIDE WITH YOUR FATE.
HMM.
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
WHEN YOU GOING OUT THERE?
I MIGHT LEAVE EARLY IF THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
YEAH, JUST DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I'LL JUST MEET YOU AT THE GAME.
OKAY.
EITHER WAY YOU'RE STILL PLAYING FOR
A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP.
HMM.
APPLE.
WHERE'S THE DUCK?
DUCK.
ZEBRA.
ZEB-A.
CAT.
DAC.
MEOW?
THERE'S A PIG.
BROOKE TAYLOR'S HERE AGAIN.
AW.
MAYBE SHE'LL BE PREGNANT THIS TIME.
I HOPE SO.
YOU READY, SON?
I CAN'T FIND MY CLEATS.
THEY'RE RIGHT  HERE BY THE DOOR.
OH, THANKS.
YOU REALIZE YOU'RE PLAYING FOR THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TONIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW WHY I'M SO NERVOUS,
I'M NOT EVEN GONNA PLAY.
YOU KNOW I'M PROUD OF YOU, DON'T YOU?
YES, SIR.
DON'T EVER DOUBT IT.
WHETHER YOU PLAY OR NOT, I'LL BE RIGHT THERE PRAYING FOR YA.
THANKS, DAD.
NOW LET'S GO PICK A FIGHT WITH SOME GIANTS.
HERE'S THE RESULTS FOR B. TAYLOR.
OH, I'LL TAKE THAT.
OH.
NEGATIVE?
YES.
THE SECRET LIFE IS LETTING GO.
THE SECRET OF LOVE IS LETTING IT SHOW.
IN ALL THAT I DO, IN ALL THAT I SAY
RIGHT HERE IN THIS MOMENT.
THE POWER OF PRAYER IS IN A HUMBLE CRY.
THE POWER OF CHANGE IS IN GIVING MY LIFE.
AND LAYING IT DOWN, DOWN AT YOUR FEET.
RIGHT HERE IN THIS MOMENT, TAKE MY HEART, TAKE MY SOUL.
I WILL STILL LOVE YOU, LORD.
I WILL STILL LOVE YOU.
AND LET ALL THAT IS WITHIN ME,
LIFT UP TO YOU AND SAY,
I AM YOURS AND YOURS ALONE, COMPLETELY.
THIS JOURNEY OF LIFE IS A SEARCH FOR TRUTH.
THIS JOURNEY OF FAITH IS FOLLOWING YOU
EVERY STEP OF THE WAY
THROUGH THE JOY AND THE PAIN, RIGHT HERE IN HIS MOMENT.
TAKE MY HEART, TAKE MY SOUL.
I SURRENDER EVERYTHING TO YOUR CONTROL.
AND LET ALL THAT IS WITHIN ME LIFT UP TO YOU AND SAY,
I AM YOURS AND YOURS ALONE COMPLETELY.
ALL RIGHT, GOD, YOU GOT US HERE.
WHATEVER HAPPENS, MAY YOU GET THE GLORY.
WHEW!
HA, HA!
COACH, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
GRANT, YOU'RE AT THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP,
WHAT DO YOU THINK I'M DOING HERE?
ANYTIME A FORMER PLAYER WOULD GET THIS FAR,
YOU KNOW I'D BE THERE.
NO WAY-- THAT BLOWS ME AWAY.
WELL, HOW YOU FEELIN'?
I'M A BIT NERVOUS.
THIS CHAMPIONSHIP, IT'S KIND OF SURREAL FOR ME.
YEAH, WELL I CAN PROMISE YOU I DON'T CARE WHAT LEVEL OF BALL
YOU'RE COACHING, IT'S SURREAL
WHEN YOU MAKE IT TO CHAMPIONSHIP GAME.
AND GRANT, I CAN JUST TELL YOU I'M SO PROUD OF YOU
AND WHAT YOU'VE DONE.
I'VE BEEN READING ABOUT THE TEAM AND WHERE YOU'VE GONE.
AND MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE, I'M JUST PROUD OF THE FACT
THAT YOU FINALLY LEARNED HOW TO WIN THE BIG ONE.
WE HADN'T PLAYED THEM YET.
YOU WON THE BIG ONE WHEN YOU ACCEPTED CHRIST,
AND NOW AS YOU'RE TEACHING THESE GUYS AND MINISTER TO 'EM,
I THINK IT'S JUST FANTASTIC.
I GOT IT.
THESE PLAYERS GOT IT.
WELL, I CAN PROMISE YOU, WIN OR LOSE THIS GAME,
YOU GUYS ARE CHAMPIONS.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
BUT HEY, WHILE YOU'RE HERE, YOU MIGHT AS WELL WIN IT, HUH?
I'M GONNA TRY MY BEST.
YOU KNOW, THIS TEAM WE'RE PLAYING THEY'RE HUGE,
THEY'RE FAST, THEY'RE STRONG.
I JUST DON'T WANT MY PLAYERS TO BE AFRAID.
WELL, IN GOD'S WORD HE SAID 365 DIFFERENT TIMES,
"DO NOT FEAR."
NOW IF HE SAYS IT THAT MANY TIMES,
YOU KNOW HE'S SERIOUS ABOUT IT, DON'T YOU?
I WOULD GUESS SO.
I NEEDED TO HEAR THAT.
WELL LOOK, YOU'RE GONNA DO GREAT TONIGHT.
I KNOW YOU'RE BUSY.
I'M A GO UP IN THOSE STANDS AND CHEER YOU ON.
GOOD TO SEE YA.
ALL RIGHT, GOD BLESS YOU, MAN.
THANKS, COACH.
IN ABOUT 5 MINUTES, WE HEAD OUT FOR THE WARM-UP.
I WANT TO SAY TWO THINGS.
NUMBER ONE, I LOVE YOU, AND I'M PROUD OF YOU.
I WOULDN'T TRADE THIS SEASON  FOR ANYTHING IN THE WORLD.
SECONDLY, YOU'RE ABOUT TO PLAY THE BIGGEST TEAM
YOU'VE EVER FACED.
THEY'RE STRONG, FAST AND UNDEFEATED,
SO FAR.
BUT I WANT YOU TO REMEMBER  WHERE GOD HAS BROUGHT US.
I WANT YOU TO REMEMBER  HOW HARD YOU'VE WORKED.
WE WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO HAVE  A WINNING SEASON, BUT WE DO.
WE WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO ADVANCE  TO THE PLAYOFFS, BUT WE DID.
WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HERE, BUT WE ARE.
SO IF THERE'S ANYTHING IN YOU THAT SAYS
THIS IS A LOSING EFFORT, THROW IT OUT.
'CAUSE AS I STAND HERE,  I BELIEVE THAT AS LONG AS
WE HONOR GOD, NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE, NOTHING.
LEAVE EVERYTHING  OUT ON THE FIELD.
GIVE YOUR BEST  TO GOD TONIGHT.
AND WHETHER WE LEAVE THE  FIELD WITH VICTORS OR NOT,
WE WILL GIVE GOD THE GLORY.
NOW, WHO WILL GO FIGHT THE GIANTS WITH ME?
YOU'VE GOTTA BE KIDDING ME.
THE GIANTS ELECT TO RECEIVE  AFTER WINNING THE COIN TOSS,
AND WE'RE JUST SECONDS AWAY
FROM THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP  FOOTBALL GAME.
DALE, I GOTTA TELL  YOU SOMETHING.
IT IS IMPRESSIVE THAT  SHILOH HAS MADE IT THIS FAR,
BUT THE FIELD TONIGHT REALLY LOOKS LOPSIDED.
IT DEFINITELY DOES.
I'M LOOKING AT 85 PLAYERS ON THE RICHLAND SIDELINES
AS OPPOSED TO 32 FOR SHILOH.
EVEN IF THE EAGLES HAD GREAT TALENT,
THEY CAN'T BRING IN FRESH PLAYERS LIKE THE GIANTS CAN.
THAT'S REALLY GONNA HURT 'EM IN THE SECOND HALF.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO JOSHUA!
THE EAGLES KICK IT OFF, AND  THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP GAME
IS UNDERWAY; JARED HOUSE  WILL RECEIVE THE KICK,
AND HE'LL HEAD DOWN  IN THE FIELD.
HE GETS A COUPLE OF  BLOCKS AND BREAKS OUTSIDE.
HE'S GOT SOME DAYLIGHT.
BUT THE EAGLES WILL GIVE CHASE  AND THEY'LL TAKE HIM DOWN
AROUND THE 50-YARD LINE,  AND THAT'S WHERE
THE GIANTS WILL  SET UP SHOP TONIGHT.
FIRST DOWN IN TEN WITH GOOD  FIELD POSITION TO START
THIS STATE CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL GAME.
GET OUT THERE!
COME ON, LET'S GO, BOYS!
LESS PORTER WILL CALL  THE PLAY FOR THE GIANTS,
AND HE STEPS BACK TO PASS.
HE'S GOT DAMIAN FULLER  STREAKING DOWN THE SIDELINE
AND HE LETS IT FLY.
FULLER WILL TAKE  THE PASS IN.
HE'LL RACE IN THE  END ZONE UNTOUCHED,
AND THE GIANTS STRIKE EARLY  HERE IN THE FOOTBALL GAME
WITH THE FIRST SCORE.
WELCOME TO STATE CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL.
HEY, MAN, THIS IS A WHOLE NEW LEVEL.
THEY ARE QUICK OFF THE LINE.
WE'VE GOTTA STAY FURTHER BACK.
I KNOW I'LL ADJUST.
THE EAGLES START THIS  DRIVE AT THE 19-YARD LINE.
ZACH AVERY DROPS BACK TO PASS, AND HE PASSES TO JEREMY JOHNSON
BUT THE PASS IS BATTED  DOWN BY THE GIANTS.
THAT'S RIGHT!
THAT'S THE WAY WE DO IT!
AVERY HANDS IT TO JACOB PAUL WHO TRIES TO RUN UP THE MIDDLE,
BUT HE GETS ABSOLUTELY NOWHERE  AS HE IS SWAMPED BY DEFENDERS.
SET, HUT-HUT!
THE EAGLES LOOK TO PASS,  BUT HERE COME THE GIANTS
AND THEY'RE GONNA GET THE  SACK AND THAT'S GONNA FORCE
THE EAGLES INTO A PUNTING  SITUATION ON FOURTH DOWN.
WHOO, BABY THAT'S PRETTY!
WHOO!
JARED HOUSE WILL  RECEIVE THE KICK,
AND HE'LL HEAD  DOWN THE FIELD.
HE GETS A COUPLE OF  BLOCKS AND BREAKS OUTSIDE.
HE'S GOT SOME DAYLIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, REF!
TIME OUT.
AFTER GAINING 8 YARDS,  THE EAGLES GIVE UP ANOTHER
SACK AND THEY'RE GONNA HAVE TO PUNT IT AWAY ON FOURTH DOWN.
DALE, SO FAR TONIGHT, IT'S BEEN ALL RICHLAND.
ZACH, THAT WAS MY FAULT.
I SHOULD NOT HAVE CALLED THAT PLAY.
COACH, THEY'RE ALL OVER US.
NOBODY'S OPEN.
THEY'RE KNOCKING US AROUND OUT THERE.
I KNOW THEY ARE, BUT THEY'RE GETTING COCKY.
WE CANNOT LET THEM PLAY THEIR GAME.
DEFENSE, I WANT YOU TO BLITZ ON FIRST DOWN.
WE'VE GOTTA GET THEM OFF THEIR RHYTHM.
LET'S GO!
NO!
LET'S GO! LET'S GO!
WHAT UNIVERSE ARE YOU IN?
GET IN THE GAME!
SO WITH A FEW SECONDS  LEFT IN THE FIRST HALF,
IT LOOKED AS IF THE GIANTS WERE GONNA TAKE A 3 TOUCHDOWN LEAD.
BUT AFTER AN EAGLES' INTERCEPTION,
WE'VE GOT A 14 TO 7 FOOTBALL GAME.
WE CAN'T KEEP RUNNING ON NORMAL PLAYS, MAN,
THE DEFENSE IS KILLING US.
I AGREE.
WE CANNOT OUTMUSCLE 'EM AND WE CANNOT OUT RUN 'EM.
WE GOTTA OUTSMART 'EM.
TRICK PLAYS?
JUST ENOUGH TO KEEP 'EM GUESSING.
YOU SEE ANOTHER WAY?
WE JUST CAN'T USE 'EM TOO OFTEN THOUGH.
THEY CATCH ON, WE TOAST.
WE'RE TOAST ANYWAY IF WE DON'T PUT SOME POINTS
ON THAT BOARD.
WE HAVE GOTTA MAKE IT THROUGH THE FORTH QUARTER,
AND THEY GOT A DEEP BENCH.
FIRST OF ALL, WE'RE STILL ON IN THIS GAME.
GOOD JOB ON THE DEFENSE GETTING US ON THE BOARD.
I BELIEVE THEY THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A SHUT OUT.
WE'RE GONNA KEEP SURPRISING 'EM.
YOU FIGURED OUT THEY'VE GOT POWER AND SPEED?
THEY'RE BIG, BUT THEY'RE ALSO PREDICTABLE.
WE HAVE GOT TO STAY TOGETHER.
WE CAN'T OUTRUN 'EM, BUT WE CAN OUT SMART 'EM.
WITH THE GIANTS LEADING  THE EAGLES 14 TO 7,
WE GET SET TO BRING YOU  THE SECOND HALF OF THIS STATE
CHAMPIONSHIP FOOTBALL GAME.
AND UNLESS THE EAGLES CAN FIND  A WAY TO SOLVE RICHLAND'S SIZE
AND STRENGTH, THE GIANTS CAN  VERY WELL BE TAKING HOME
THEIR FOURTH CONSECUTIVE STATE TITLE TONIGHT.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!
AND THE EAGLES COME OUT WITH A LITTLE TRICKERY,
AND THEY'RE JUST ABOUT TO TIE THIS FOOTBALL GAME.
COME ON! COME ON!
LET'S GO! LET'S GO!
MAKE 'EM PAY, BOYS!
MAKE 'EM PAY!
THAT WAS DIRTY!
HE'S HURT! HE'S HURT!
JOSHUA WEBSTER'S BEING HELPED OFF THE FIELD WITH WHAT WE HAVE
BEEN TOLD UP HERE IN THE PRESS BOX AS A BROKEN COLLAR BONE.
THAT CAME AFTER A LATE HIT BY THE GIANTS AFTER THE EAGLES
TIED THE GAME AT 14 A PIECE.
THAT WAS STUPID, THAT WAS DIRTY.
HEY, CALM DOWN.
THIS IS A NEW BALL GAME.
JOSHUA'S GONNA BE ALL RIGHT.
DAVID, COME HERE.
YOU'VE GOTTA COVER  FOR JOSHUA NOW.
I NEED A 110%, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT, COACH.
BE THE MAN.
LET'S GO!
WELL, AFTER A LONG  DRIVE, THE GIANTS SCORED,
BUT THE EAGLES PREVENT THE 2-POINT CONVERSION
LEAVING THIS A 20  TO 14 FOOTBALL GAME.
WHY ARE THEY EVEN ON THE SCOREBOARD!
THEY SHOULDN'T EVEN BE IN THIS GAME!
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE, YOU WILL REMEMBER TODAY!
I WANT YOU TO REMEMBER THAT YOU HELD NOTHING BACK!
YOU DID NOT LOSE HEART!
YOU DID NOT  STOP FIGHTING!
YOU DID NOT QUIT!
THEY'RE LIKE LITTLE DOGS NIPPING AT YOUR HEELS!
NOW GET OUT THERE AND STOMP 'EM!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT, THAT'S MY DEFENSE!
LET'S GO EAGLES!
HE'S GOING FOR  A BOMB!
WITH 7 MINUTES  LEFT ON THE CLOCK,
THE EAGLES HAVE SHOWN  THE DETERMINATION
OF A SCHOOL  TWICE THEIR SIZE.
THE GIANTS WILL NOW ATTEMPT A 35-YARD FIELD GOAL
TO EXTEND THEIR LEAD.
THAT IS THE LAST TIME WE GO FOR A FIELD GOAL!
WE SHOULD BE IN THE END ZONE EVERY STINKIN' TIME!
DOUBLE FLEX LONG.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
FIELD GOAL UNIT, COME ON, LET'S GO, LET'S GO!
FIELD GOAL UNIT, LET'S GO!
COACH, I NEED A REST.
I CAN'T GO MUCH MORE.
BROCK, I NEED YOU ON THAT FIELD.
YOU HAVE GOT TO STAY IN THE GAME.
I NEED YOU ON THE FIELD!
YES SIR.
DAVID CHILDERS IS IN TO KICK FOR JOSHUA WEBSTER.
WE UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS  HIS FIRST SEASON OF FOOTBALL,
AND HE'S GONE  3 FOR 4 THIS SEASON.
AND LOOKING AT THE STATS,
HE'S BEEN LIMITED TO SHORT-RANGE KICKS.
COME ON, DAVID,  YOU GOT THIS.
YEAH!
TIME OUT, REF.
REF, TIME OUT.
COACH, I'M DONE.
SOMEONE ELSE HAS GOTTA LEAD.
BROCK, THIS IS WHEN IT MATTERS MOST.
I KNOW YOU'RE TIRED.
IT'S EASY TO LEAD WHEN YOU'RE STRONG,
BUT NOW IS WHEN YOU LEAD US, RIGHT NOW!
CAN YOU GIVE ME FOUR MORE DOWNS?
I JUST NEED FOUR MORE DOWNS.
FOUR MORE.
ALL RIGHT, COME HERE!
COME HERE!
THIS IS OUR TIME AND YOU'VE GOT TO PUT
THE NAILS IN THE COFFIN!
LOOK AT ME, LOOK AT ME!
WE DIDN'T FIGHT THIS FAR TO GIVE UP IN THE LAST QUARTER.
YOU'VE GOTTA LEAVE EVERYTHING ON THE FIELD.
AND FIELD GOALS, THEY'RE NOT AN OPTION.
I NEED YOU FOR FOUR MORE DOWNS!
WHO'S WITH ME?
NOW GET OUT THERE AND GET IT DONE!
WITH LESS THAN 2 MINUTES LEFT ON THE CLOCK,
THE GIANTS STAND ON THE VERGE OF THEIR FOURTH STRAIGHT
CONSECUTIVE STATE TITLE.
THE TIRED EAGLES TEAM LINES  UP TO FACE THEM YET AGAIN.
STONE WALL!
YES, STONE WALL!
GIANTS LINE UP  FIRST AND GOAL.
THIS SCORE WILL SOLIDIFY  THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP.
HAND THE BALL OFF--NO WAIT  A MINUTE, HE IS STOPPED!
THE EAGLES ARE  STILL IN IT!
THEY'RE STILL SHOWING  STRONG DETERMINATION
TO FIGHT THIS ONE OUT!
THREE MORE DOWNS!
THREE MORE!
YOU GOTTA HANG WITH ME.
I KNOW IT'S GETTING TOUGH, BUT WE GOTTA STOP 'EM RIGHT HERE.
THE SECOND DOWN AND GOAL TO GO FOR THE GIANTS,
THE STATE TITLE IS  WITHIN THEIR GRASP.
BOTH OF THE STANDS ARE  ON THEIR FEET RIGHT NOW
AS THEY GET READY  TO RUN THIS PLAY.
THIS QUARTER  WILL TAKE IT.
HE'S GONNA TRY  AND RUN IT, NO!
THE EAGLES HAVE  STOPPED THEM AGAIN!
THAT'S MY TEAM!
COME ON!
GET IN THE END ZONE!
TWO MORE!
AND HERE WE GO AGAIN,  THEY'RE GONNA TEE IT UP
AND TRY IT AGAIN.
WES PORTER WILL  TAKE THE SNAP.
HE'S LOOKING TO PASS  INTO THE CORNER.
HE'S GOT SOMEBODY  THERE BUT NO!
THE EAGLES BAT  DOWN THE PASS,
AND THE CROWD IS  GOING NUTS RIGHT NOW.
THE GIANTS ARE HAVE BEEN  KEPT OUT OF THE END ZONE
BY THE EAGLES WITH THREE  STRAIGHT PLAYS.
AND NOW BOBBY LEE DUKE WILL HAVE A BIG DECISION TO MAKE.
COACH, WE HAVE GOTTA GO FOR A FIELD GOAL.
WE'RE NOT GOING FOR A FIELD GOAL!
HE'S NOT KICKIN'.
BROCK, BROCK!
ONE MORE DOWN!
IT'S FOURTH DOWN AND THE GIANTS ARE GOING FOR THE TOUCHDOWN.
THIS CROWD IS GOING  ABSOLUTELY BERSERK RIGHT NOW.
THEY LINE UP AT  THE 1-YARD LINE.
WES PORTER'S GONNA  TAKE THE SNAP.
THEY'RE GONNA RUN IT.
BROCK KELLEY'S  GONNA MEET HIM HEAD ON.
AND THERE'S A FUMBLE!
THERE'S A FUMBLE!
THE EAGLES HAVE  THE FOOTBALL.
THEY'RE TAKING IT  BACK DOWN THE FIELD!
HE'S AT THE 40, HE'S AT  THE 50, HE'S AT THE 40!
AND HE'LL BE RUN OUT OF BOUNDS IN THE 34-YARD LINE!
ARE YOU BELIEVING THIS?
WITH 2 SECONDS LEFT ON THE CLOCK,
THE EAGLES HAVE GOT A SHOT IN THIS FOOTBALL GAME.
TWO SECONDS, GRANT, WE'VE GOT TIME FOR A HAIL MARY.
NO, NO, THE DEFENSE TOO STRONG FOR THE PASS.
NO, WE CAN'T RUN IT.
THAT'S OUR ONLY OPTION.
YOU'VE GOTTA KICK IT, MAN.
DAVID,
I NEED A 51-YARD FIELD GOAL.
COACH, I CAN'T KICK THAT FAR.
DAVID, THEY'VE BEEN STOPPING THE RUN AT THE PASS ALL NIGHT.
YOU'RE MY BEST OPTION.
COACH, THE FARTHEST I'VE EVER KICKED IS A 39-YARDER.
THERE IS NO WAY I CAN KICK A 51-YARD FIELD GOAL.
I BELIEVE YOU CAN.
YOUR JOB IS TO DO THE BEST YOU CAN
AND LEAVE THE RESULTS UP TO GOD.
I NEED YOU ON THAT FIELD.
ALL RIGHT,  FIELD GOAL UNIT.
GRANT, WE'VE GOTTA THROW IT.
HE CAN'T KICK IT FROM THERE.
IT'S TOO FAR.
NO, IT'S NOT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
I'M PREPARING FOR RAIN.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND THIS,  BUT WITH 2 SECONDS LEFT ON
THE CLOCK, COACH GRANT TAYLOR AND THE SHILOH EAGLES ARE
PUTTING THE GAME IN THE HANDS  OF A 145-POUND BACK-UP KICKER.
THIS IS NOT A GOOD MOVE  ON GRANT TAYLOR'S PART.
HE EVEN HAS TO  KICK INTO THE WIND.
DAVID!
HE'S NOT READY, GRANT.
HE DON'T THINK HE CAN DO IT.
I DON'T HAVE ANYMORE TIME OUTS.
CALL A TIME OUT, BOBBY LEE.
THIS KID CAN'T KICK THAT FAR.
CALL THAT TIME OUT.
CALL A TIME OUT ANYWAY, AND LET'S ICE HIM.
DAVID, COME HERE.
DAVID YOU'RE TELLING YOURSELF YOU'RE GONNA MISS THIS KICK.
COACH, IT'S TOO FAR.
LISTEN TO ME, DO YOU THINK GOD CAN HELP YOU MAKE THIS KICK?
DO YOU BELIEVE IT, DAVID?
YEAH, IF HE WANTS TO.
SO DO I.
BUT YOU HAVE GOT TO GIVE HIM YOUR BEST
AND LEAVE THE REST UP TO HIM.
WILL YOU DO THAT FOR ME?
DAVID, WHETHER YOU MAKE THIS FIELD GOAL OR NOT,
WE'RE GONNA PRAISE HIM.
BUT DON'T YOU WALK OFF THIS FIELD
HAVING DONE ANY LESS THAN YOUR BEST.
CAN I HELP YA?
DON'T TOUCH ME.
I'M STANDING FOR MY SON.
GOD, HELP ME MAKE THIS KICK.
KICK IT NOW!
THE KICK IS UP.
IT'S ON ITS WAY.
IT'S LONG ENOUGH.
IT'S HIGH ENOUGH.
DOES IT HAVE THE DISTANCE?
IT DOES!
IT'S GOOD!
IT'S GOOD.
THE EAGLES HAVE WON!
THE EAGLES HAVE WON  THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP!
I CAN'T BELIEVE  WHAT I JUST SEEN!
I CANNOT BELIEVE  WHAT I'VE JUST SEEN!
A MIRACLE HAS OCCURRED HERE TONIGHT!
THE SHILOH EAGLES HAVE DEFEATED THE RICHLAND GIANTS 24 TO 23
TO TAKE THE STATE TITLE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THEIR HISTORY!
IT'S INCREDIBLE!
IT'S ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVABLE!
YOU ARE STATE CHAMPION!
HEY, WHO'S THE STATE CHAMPIONS?
WHOO!
OKAY, OKAY, I GOT SOMETHING TO SAY.
DAVID CHILDERS,
DON'T YOU EVER LET ANYONE TELL YOU
THAT YOU'RE UNDER PAR, SECOND RATE OR INFERIOR.
I JUST WATCHED GOD DO A MIRACLE THROUGH YOU,
AND I SAW A FIELD OF GIANTS, 85 OF 'EM TO BE EXACT,
FALL IN DEFEAT.
NOW YOU TELL ME WHAT'S IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD.
NOTHING, COACH.
ZACH, I JUST WATCHED YOU AND THE OFFENSE DO
WHAT THEY SAID  COULD NOT BE DONE.
NOW YOU TELL ME WHAT'S  IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD.
NOTHING, COACH.
BROCK, HOW ABOUT IT?
BUILT THAT STONE WALL, DIDN'T YA?
AND IT STOOD.
NOW YOU TELL ME WHAT'S IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD.
NOTHING, COACH.
HOW ABOUT IT, SCOTT?
WHAT'S IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD?
NOTHIN'.
ARE YOU SURE 'CAUSE  THOSE GIANTS ARE BIG.
THEY OUTNUMBER US 3 TO 1.
ARE YOU SURE THERE'S  NOTHING IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD?
I'M SURE, COACH.
HOW ABOUT IT, NATHAN?
WHAT'S IMPOSSIBLE WITH GOD?
NOTHING, COACH.
JONATHAN?
NOTHIN'.
ARE YA POSITIVE?
POSITIVE, COACH.
SO AM I.
GOD CAN DO WHATEVER HE WANTS TO DO HOWEVER HE WANTS TO DO IT.
AND HE CHOOSES TO WORK IN OUR LIVES
'CAUSE HE LOVES US 'CAUSE HE'S GOOD.
I HOPE TODAY'S A MILESTONE FOR WHAT HE CAN DO
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE IF YOU TRUST HIM.
WE NEED TO SPEND SOME TIME THANKING HIM.
WELL, LOOK WHO JUST WALKED IN THIS HOUSE.
COULDN'T BE THE STATE CHAMPION COACH GRANT TAYLOR, COULD IT?
'CAUSE HE'S NOT SUPPOSED TO LIVE HERE.
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE OUT LOOKING FOR A JOB.
YEAH, I DID IT, BROOKE.
HE DID IT.
HE GAVE ME THIS JOB, PROVIDED FOR OUR NEEDS,
TOOK AWAY MY FEAR.
HE THROWS IN THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP JUST 'CAUSE HE CAN.
IT'S BEEN ONE OF THE BEST DAYS OF MY LIFE.
THE DAY'S NOT OVER YET.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
GRANT TAYLOR, I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT YOU'VE MADE THE TEAM.
WHAT TEAM?
THE DADDY TEAM.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY?
WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY.
YOU TELL ME, COACH TAYLOR, TELL ME WHAT'S IMPOSSIBLE
WHEN GOD'S ON YOUR SIDE.
OH, GOD.
I'M OVERWHELMED.
OH, WHAT I WOULD DO TO HAVE THE KIND OF STRENGTH
THAT TAKES THE STAND BEFORE A GIANT
WITH JUST A SLING AND A STONE.
SURROUNDED BY THE SOUND OF A THOUSAND WARRIORS
SHAKING IN THEIR ARMOR, WISHING THEY'D HAVE HAD
THE STRENGTH TO STAND.
BUT THE GIANTS CALLIN' OUT MY NAME
AND HE LAUGHS AT ME.
REMINDING ME OF ALL THE TIMES
I TRIED BEFORE AND FAILED.
THE GIANT KEEPS ON TELLING ME TIME AND TIME AGAIN,
BOY, YOU'LL NEVER WIN.
YOU'LL NEVER WIN.
BUT THE VOICE OF TRUTH TELLS ME A DIFFERENT STORY.
THE VOICE OF TRUTH SAYS, DO NOT BE AFRAID.
AND THE VOICE OF TRUTH SAYS, THIS IS FOR MY GLORY.
OUT OF ALL THE VOICES CALLING OUT TO ME,
I WILL CHOOSE TO LISTEN AND BELIEVE.
I WILL CHOOSE TO LISTEN AND BELIEVE THE VOICE OF TRUTH.
YOU HAVE BEEN SO GOOD TO ME.
HOW CAN I FIND THE WORDS TO THANK YOU?
HEALER OF BROKEN HEARTS AND BROKEN DREAMS.
BUT LORD, I WILL NEVER CEASE TO PRAISE YOU.
WITH YOU, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
LIKE AN EAGLE I CAN SOAR.
WITH YOU THE GIANTS FALL.
THEY RISE NO MORE.
WITH YOU, I OVERCOME WHEN FEAR AND FAITH COLLIDE.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN'T DO.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WITH YOU.
I AM CONSTANTLY AMAZED.
YOU ARE A GOD FOREVER FAITHFUL.
AS I LOOK BACK ON MY HISTORY OF PRAISE,
HOW COULD I BE ANYTHING BY GRATEFUL?
WITH YOU, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
LIKE AN EAGLE, I CAN SOAR.
WITH YOU THE GIANTS FALL.
THEY RISE NO MORE.
WITH YOU I OVERCOME WHEN FEAR AND FAITH COLLIDE.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN'T DO.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WITH YOU.
NO MOUNTAIN IS TOO HIGH.
THERE'S NO VALLEY THAT'S TOO DEEP.
YOU'RE CALLING ME TO WALK BY FAITH
SO I WILL STAND THE HEAT.
WITH YOU, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
LIKE AN EAGLE, I CAN SOAR.
WITH YOU THE GIANTS FALL.
THEY RISE NO MORE.
WITH YOU I OVERCOME WHEN FEAR AND FAITH COLLIDE.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN'T DO.
WITH YOU, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
LIKE AN EAGLE, I CAN SOAR.
WITH YOU THE GIANTS FALL.
THEY RISE NO MORE.
WITH YOU, I OVERCOME WHEN FEAR AND FAITH COLLIDE.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN'T DO.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WITH YOU,
WITH YOU.
ANYTHING, ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WITH YOU.